questions
My son ,17, has a bruised and painful back also he is vomiting after being tackled Friday night while playing football ?
I get a stitch pain  in  my hip mainly after  playing sports ?
been playing volleyball a lot and cheering,lifting pepl. I was spiking and my shoulder hurts and now if i stretch it a bit it hurts. What should i do
15 year old soccer player with lower back instability and very little hip instability with irritation, Is it dangerous if she still plays with back?
16 year old girl, I play catcher. I've been playing for years, but knees have been hurting after games and it feels hard to Bend them. (This is new)
3 weeks ago hyperextended elbow in basketball game, pain only lasted 3 days. Pain returned suddenlywhen I swung my softball bat at practice last night?
5 1/2 weeks ago I fell playing softball and hurt my thumb.both sides of my MCP joint are bothering me. Do normal sprains last this long?
8 months ago I had ACL surgery, I did the patellar tendon way, I went to play soccer today and I felt something weird on the left side of my knee, help?
About ago a week i was playing basketball and another ran into and i straight on my back wrist. I now have some pain.
After playing football a month ago, i have developed a painful lump just above my shin. Each week i play it seems to get more and more painful.
After playing golf yesterday, I have sore shoulder and I cannot lift up my arm. What should I do? : (
After playing this morning's basketball game, my husband had left testicle pain?
After sports I have tons of pain right below my knee knee but then it goes away until I play again?
Am i crazy to think i could play softball 2 months after breaking my arm?
Both of my wrist have hurt for the last 2 weeks and I have an arm wrestling tournament this saturday. What should I do?
Can MRI detect injury on the hip for a 8yr who played soccer for 2 yr. What can it be? After he stopped playing soccer he has on & off pain in the knee
Can athletes contineue to play football with head pain and swelling?
Can I get back pain from playing cricket?
Can I play lacrosse with fractured scafoid if no pain is felt?
Can i play soccer i sprained my ankle 2 months ago there is a hard bump on my ankle it hurts a bit to run can I play or do I have to wait and how long?
Can throwing a baseball cause synovitis?
Can throwing a baseball cause synovitis?
Collided with someone else play I football. I got a knee to my thigh and my knee has a little discomfort on the side. Is it something serious?
Could getting hit by a pitch in baseball cause a ruptured muscle?
Could playing basketball be the reason why my back is hurting?
Daughter has swollen knee with shooting pain to feet it does not hurt while playing basketball but does after done. She has had a t-ban issue in paste?
Did I tear something? Playing soccer and did something last night to ankle and this morning I can't walk on it at all. Hurts on side and middle ofankle
Do you think I can go back to playing rugby after having 49% of my meniscus removed?
Doctors can you tell me when should I go back to playing basketball after an ankle sprain?
During Sept in a field hockey game the ball was driven into my ankle and it swelled and bruised.  Now it is still a  bruised and swollen but why?
Everytime my husband plays basketball his right heel is always hurting for 2-3 days. What do u think it is and what to do to prevent this?
Fell while playing sports, incredibly painful knee? I'm in my teens, I fell during a soccer game and 2 days later it's still incredibly painful. There's no bruise or skin missing or anything, and I can move my knee without any pain, but when I put weight
Four months ago I played rugby and after the game my right wrist started to pain until today?
Got kneed in upper quad while playing basketball. Hurts bad at muscle level. I'm limping. Is this a Charlie horse? Am I now at risk for DVT??
Grade 1 or 2 hamstring strain, its an annoying pain i can't figure out if it's grade 1 or 2, it happened last monday im a hockey player, and game sat.
Groin pain from playing football, what to do?
How can I get rid of major knee pain while playing basketball?
How can I prevent the bottom of my feet from hurting when playing raquetball?
How can I recover quickly from aches and pains after playing sport?
How can I reduce right wrist pain from playing the violin and the piano?
How can I rehab my calf muscle, which I hurt playing basketball.?
How can I relieve shoulder pain from playing lacrosse?
How can I stop back pain from playing the violin?
How can I to stop my thighs from being sore after playing soccer?
How do I relieve groin pain from playing basketball with loose underwear?
How should I treat wrist pain after a game of badminton?
How to cure lower back pain while playing hockey?
How to relieve shoulder pain from playing lacrosse?
How will I know when my groin injury has recovered and I can get back to soccer?
Hurt my knee playing soccer hitting another knee head on 5 years ago now I can't do pshyical activities without it giving out with mild pain to follow?
Hurt my left knee playing soccer a couple years back and it bothers me sometimes. I didn't break it or anything. I don't think. I can move it.
Hurt my wrist in october when i got stepped on playing rugby did phiso theropy it was tendonitis started playing again now it really hurts again why?
I am a softball player and sometimes after tournaments I get an intense pain In between my thumb and pointer finger that lasts about a week?
I am experiencing pain near my heel where achillies tendon connects. I got this injury 3 weeks ago while playing football, how should I treat it?
I am playing bademinton while playin feeling lot of pain in my back and knee so what I do. I have already oprated my knee.
I believe I have torn tendons in my ankle but im a huge basketball player. Should I get it checked out before I continue playing or will I be ok?
I can't bend my knee all the way, although i can move it side ways, and I can run distances, play a demanding sport (football) with out feeling pain.
I can't move my feet after playing soccer--what's causing this?
I dislocated my rib and I play basketball, what could I do to get them to not hurt during games?
I feel knee pain after playing basketball. I am heavy and I jump a lot in the games. Is there any medicine that I can take to prevent this pain?
I fell & had 6 stitches in my knee 2 weeks ago, they were removed 5 days ago & it has scabbed over... can I do strenuous exercise (baseball, football)?
I fell from my bike and hurt my right hand. Will I be able to play the guitar again?
I felt some pain in my knee after playing soem football. I am able to walk around but I limp and the knee is not swollen. Is this a serious injury?
I got hit on the leg (near the quads) by someone's hips while playing basketball. I can walk, but it's painful to move. Any remedies to help?
I got hurt playing tennis.  2 days later I am still unable to bear weight.  Should i see a doctor or self-treat?  100% it is tennis leg.
I got kicked in the shin while playing soccer & may have had shin splints. I now for two weeks have had bruising swelling pain. Should I be worried?
I had a football accident and am unable to walk. What should I do?
I had a puffy knee after playing basketball, not recognizable injury during play. I can walk without a limp but cannot play it is tender, puffy gone?
I have been experiencing bad elbow pain that happened in my baseball game?
I have been playing baseball and am now experiencing pains in my throwing elbow area. Is this tennis elbow or could it be some sort of tear?
I have chest pain playing basketball, any suggestions?
I have dark veins on my left scrotum and after activities like playing football it hurts so much that I can't walk, is it varicocele?
I have extreme pain on the outside of my elbow when I rotate my wrist. I am a high school baseball player. What condition might I have?
I have golfers elbow in both arms but I don't play golf.  I do play a racket sport (right arm only) and do weights.  What is cause  and how to get rid?
I have gone through 5 weeks of rehabilitation of  mcl, today i played football and my knee got  swollen again. What should I do please?
I have got a kick while playing a football the central part of my right leg is swelled what can I do now?
I have had 5 or 6 right ankle injuries. I'm in high school and I'm an avid tennis player. The swelling has never fully gone down since my last ankle injury, about four months ago, and I have continued to play tennis since my ankle healed. Whatshould I do?
I have had osgood schlatters since 5th grade.the pain was minimum for awhile but now it hurts a lot.I play vball and it hurts when I land from jumping?
I have injury in volleyball in my leg has this deal bruise in I can't see it but I now it is there?
I have sensitive lumps under my knee caps and above me shins. I play a lot of basketball could this be the reason?
I have shooting pain in my finger when I play volleyball. Why? What is it?
I have soreness in my elbow, I did not hit it to injure, what could cause it?
I have wrist joint pain for over 15 days(no swelling) and I am unable to play badminton. Can i get some advice?
I haven't been able to play basketball in 2 years and I believe its because of the knot in my left hamstring, What can I do?
I hurt my ankle really badly playing soccer, should I go see a doctor?
I hurt my foot when i played basketball. I can't move and walk .What can I do?
I hurt my knee playing basketball and it is swollen.?
I injuired my muscle in the leg during basketball game what shoul I do?
I injured my knee on 28th of december and I am still feeling pain I ran into a padded object at my basketball game
I play baseball an the bottom side of my throwing shoulder has been bothering. me I went to physical therapy but didnt help much. what can be wrong ?
I play baseball and every time I throw the ball my lower ribs hurt ?
I play baseball and my shoulder has started to hurt bad as I throw. Any idea about diagnosis?
I play baseball and sometimes if I push myself too hard my knees feel like they will give out and a couple times I fell over?
I play basketball. My shoulder hurts when i pass, etc. Pushups are extremely painful. It's been about two weeks. ?
I play floor hockey and after a while my back starts hurting is it because of the leaning down? Will my back be okay? Will it heal fully on its own?
I play football and the bottom of my foot was kicked I had instant bruising and swelling im walking better now after a week but still have a sharp pai?
I play lacrosse and I am a goalie and got a shot to the thumb and the swelling won't go down and it hurts a lot.
I played volleyball for a while today and have very sore wrists and elbows. How can I ease the pain?
I popped my knee while playing softball 6 months ago. I've been to the ER twice. Told to see a specialist, but no insurance. Is there any help?
I popped my shoulder playing basketball and now when I move it a certain way it hurts a lot. How can I fix the pain?
I pulled my groin while playing soccer. It has been 2 weeks that I've rested. Pain isn't fully gone. Pain when driving. No bruises no bumps. Help plz?
I pulled my quad playing soccer. Can i still jog without delaying healing or furthering the injury as long as there is little to no pain?
I pulled my upper thigh muscle playing soccer it's been 6 months and hasn't healed popped 3 more time since what do I do?
I recovered from a broken ankle playing basketball now. Last time it got really sore. How can I strengthen it faster? The muscles around it?
I sprained my ankle about a month ago playing sport but now I can walk run and jump without any pain. Should I go back to playing sports now?
I sprained my left ankle playing basketball a month ago and it does not hurt anymore but is still swollen. Can I start playing basketball again?
I strained my knee two weeks ago it feels better what cool down exercise can I do after my soccer game tomorrow what should I do if I hurt it again?
I strained my quad, what can I do to help deal with the pain while playing on it?
I think I have achillies tendanitus, it's not swollen and the pain just started I play high school football as well I've been icing and elevating?
I tweaked my right knee playing basketball last year and now when I put pressure on it at certain angles, it just gives out. What could this be?
I twisted my ankle at soccer practice today and it still hurts should I be okay to play tomorrow in our game should I keep ice on it?
I want to know what caused my knee to swell even if im not having too much physical activities and didn't hurt myself by hitting into something?
I was at my softball game and the pitcher hit the ball with my foot. It's bruised and hurts to walk/stand on, could it be a possible fracture?
I was in football practice today and someone slammed their elbow on my larynx. I have difficulty swallowing a it is in a lot of pain?
I was jumping rope at a boxing club a few days ago and now my left shin hurts. Why is this?
I was playing a soccer match and the ball hit me really hard into my gum area and my teeth hurt really bad what could this be ?
I was playing baseball and was running when I got a pain in my right quadricep. A day after pain still. Could be DVT or something else? No redness/swell.
I was playing basketball 5 days ago and had a painful pop in my left shoulder going up for s rebound and it is still aching. Any ideas?
I was playing basketball and caused a minor sprain on my ankle yesterday and I have a baseball try-out tomorrow how do I heal it quick ?
I was playing basketball! went up and came down on someone's feet! i thought it was a sprain! didn't play for a month it still hurts and swells up!
I was playing basketball, which I do competitively about 4 times a week, when all of the sudden my chest hurt very badly when I took deep breaths?
I was playing basketball. After I was done the base of penis is hurting. There's no swelling or anything; it just hurts. What is it? What do I do?
I was playing football and I had a heavy knock from another player in my thigh, I'm in so much pain and my foot hurts too ?
I was playing football and I was in goal and someone hit the ball at my left hand and my wrist bent back?
I was playing football and I lost my footing and twisted my left leg?
I was playing football yesterday and I went to tackle someone and my shoulder popped out of socket. How do I treat this?
I was playing soccer 3 weeks ago and was kicked just above ankle, bruising gone but still swollen/tender, how can I recover?
I was playing softball 2 weeks ago and got hit in the shin with a ball. The swelling is getting bigger. Is this normal? And how long should it last?
I was wondering what kind of injury i have? I can't explode off of my right leg due to a football injury i tore my knee up real bad playing football. This was back in 2005. Ever since then  I have had this pain in the muscle behind my shin, i'm not sure w
I went into the boards while playing hockey. I have really bad pain in my hip do you now what I should do? It has gone away because of ice and meds
I worked at a college football game yesterday and I burned the back of my knees and it really hurts. How would I treat this?
I'm 16 and I have tendonitis. Today I was playing a tennis match and now my knee cap is swollen & looks like it has purple veins running through it?
I'm 17 now,when I was 12 I popped my knee playing football . My knee pops about once a year now leaving me out for bout a week and I never saw a doc. ?
I'm 18 years old, I play softball. I throw sidearmed. About 3 weeks ago, when I would stop throwing my arm throbbed with pain. Now it always does.
I'm a 24 y.O. Who pulled a hamstring muscle playing soccer by not stretching b4 game. What do you recommend for a level 2 strain, besides rice?
I'm a former softball catcher and collegiate athelete. I still workout 4 days a week. I have kneecap pain. Sounds like rice crispies. Any advice?
I'm a softball player but after catching several fast balls my upper left side of my palm Is bruised and I don't know what to do?
I'm a volleyball player and have had a shoulder injury for a while now. Anytime i swing in a game, it pains as if the ball has removed from the socket?
I've been doing a lot of arm and hand excersises, playing handball and swimming. Could that be why I am sore?
I've been feeling pain on my thigh for two years. I had this injury when I was playing football. What should I do?
I've been playing basketball lately with average sports shoes and my feet espically  my ankles hurt a lot why is that?
If I bruised a nerve in my leg on friday will I be able to play in my soccer game monday?
If I have a back injury will skating make it worse? Even if it doesn't hurt while I skate?
If broke 2 ribs two weeks ago, when can I start to play golf and tennis?
Is it possible to have growing pains in your calves or is it just from playing basketball alot?
Is it possible to pull your hamstring if you kicked a soccer ball too fast?
Is it safe to play football with my knees hurting really bad and have worn out cartliage?
Is there an effective treatment for cramps while playing soccer?
I've had knee pain for 8 years. I was diagnoses with Osgood Schlatters in both my knees when I was 12. I'm 20 years old now and the pain hasnt gone away. I played alot of sports growing up, gymnastics, figure skating, hockey, soccer, and track. The pain in
Just played in a softball game and my right Achilles is sore. What's that mean?
Knee really hurts when running/kicking, has sort of recovered but as soon as I play football it gets bad again?
Kneed on inside of knee/ quad playing soccer goalie last night . Stiff, can't bend fully. Pain while walking. What should d I do?
Last week I played a soccer game and got a cleat spike in the top of my foot, it still hurts a fair amount but there's no mark, bruise under or worse?
Last year my back was very straight. This year I have scoliosis. I played volleyball for 9 years. Could this have caused it?
My ankle region is in pain after playing soccer yesterday, it doesn't look swollen or anything. It's been a while since I've played also. Cause?
My arm was pulled back playing basketball and my shoulder still hurts after two months. What should I do?
My big toe really hurst after playing football. What can I do to relieve the pain?
My boyfriend has fractured his spine before . Unexpectedly he sometimes yells in pain that his wrist hurt . He plays sports i fear it's  serious .
My child was outside playing and know her knee hurts really bad. How can I tell if its a injury or pain from her jra?
My daughter 15  works out daily and plays basketball. She complained of pain running up the back of her leg after running now hurts only to bend ,swat?
My daughter broke her knuckle playing softball 4 weeks ago I need a doctors note for her to play again strength great no pain no swelling
My daughter has hurt her ankle twice in one week playing soccer and it is swollen does she need an ex Ray?
My daughter has pain on the top (close to her thigh) of her kneecap. She plays soccer competitively. The pain is worse after activity.?
My daughter is a competitive swimmer and her knees hurt. What could be causing it?
My daughter keeps complaining about her knee and ankle pain. She plays tennis and runs daily. We tried RICE for 2 weeks. What to do?
My daughter plays competitive soccer. Was fine yesterday then reached upwards with her arm and now has rib pain.  Could this just be torn cartilage?
My elbow has been hurting everytime i play baseball whether i hit or throw. This has been occuring since last year and i don't know why it hurts?
My heel hurts a lot when I play soccer, it is even swollen, how do I treat it?
My hip hurts after I do anything that requires lower body movement (running, soccer) and then it keeps hurting even after I've finished playing.?
My hip-knee pain is severe! Why? My knee feels like there is an air bag in it, it crunches, and I play rugby, and I can't bend it very much at all
My husband injured his knee playing soccer about 1 month ago never got it checked but now he can't bend it too much and say it hurts behind the knee?
My husband was playing softball and twisted wrong and is in pain in the groin area and his privates are purple .Can u explain what he might of done?
My knee hurt but not so much. I never got injurry on knee but I play football and run alot. Can you tell me how to release the hurt?
My knee hurts really bad when I dive in volleyball. It is really hard to walk after that but I keep playing. But I play badly cuz of pain. Below 1knee?
My knee hurts really bad when I dive in volleyball. It is really hard to walk after that but I keep playing. But I play badly cuz of pain. Onekneeonly?
My left knee got a bruise from playing floor hockey. And sometimes it makes it hard to run? What is it?
My left knee was hit yesterday next to kneecap while playing basketball. I can bend my knees, run, walk, etc. but it aches a bit?
My left testicle became swollen after taking a knee in a hockey game. I played the rest of the game with no pain. I iced for a week, pain went away.?
My let knee dislocated during playing football. When I walk lilittle bit fast its dislocated?
My lowerback/hip (im unsure) was injured doing abwheel exercises.Now anytime i play intense basketball or football it hurts really bad.Can it heal ?
My muscles hurt the next day after playing ball in gym?
My name I Jacob and I am 16. I am a sophomore baseball pitcher and I have been having pain in my inner elbow. Can you help?
My osgood schlatters knee bump is bruised and swollen. I never hit it on anything.i conditioned a lot this week with volleyball. Running and jumping?
My primary doctor said I had an shoulder overuse injury and to stop playing tennis and I did but the pain came and went for more than 6 wks?
My right quad/thigh hurts and is tight I am a soccer player and its been like this for a month?
My right thigh hurts when I play soccer and run?
My right wrist has been hurting a little and i play video games what can i do to prevent it?
My right wrist hurts when I put weight on it. Should I wrap it to play sports, and how lonng should I wait before I see a doctor?
My shoulder has been hurting me lately and I play softball. How do I prevent this from getting worse?
My shoulder hurts every time I lift it. I hurt myself playing football so could it be a muscle strain?
My shoulders are killing me from hitting in hockey. What can I do to recover quickly?
My son 6 years old have been complaining of knee and calf pain every now and then. He plays football and runs with no problem. What might be wrong?
My son complains of burning knee and calf pains for 2 months now . He walks and plays football with no problem at all . What could be causing it?
My son is 17 and plays football. Complaining of ankle hurting and pains shooting up his leg. Does he need a mri?
My son is a 14 yr old athlete and has been complaining about his knees hurting tonight After basketball practice he has a bulging vein behind his knee?
My son just started football practices a week ago and he is complaining about pain in his ankles. What could be thereason?
My umbilical cord hurt twice before i played sports.what may be the cause?
My wrist has been hurting for 2 months. It's start hurting in one morning I woke up. But before that day I played volleyball.
Old injury from football. Will it ever go away?
Over the last 2 weeks I've had unexplained a lot of bruising on my shins to my knee. I run and referee soccer for sport. What's causing this.
Pad on palm of my thumb hurts sometime after playing video games?
Pain in abs after playing volleyball?
Pain in ear after playing tennis?
Pain in elbow 5-10 seconds after throwing a baseball. Is this normal?
Pain in the ball of the foot every time I play soccer and also when I walk sometimes but it gets worse when I play soccer which I play with cleats?
Pain in the elbow area, hurts more if I play golf what can be done to fix this?
Pains down my shin and calf after playing football?
Played basketball barefoot in concrete, and now my foot hurts. What can I do to alleviate the pain?
Recently broke my ankle now I'm walkin for two weeks so far normal. Can I play golf? Doctor said no running or jumping. No basketball but golf?
Rolled ankle twice in one soccer game 2 weeks ago, continued playing, ankle felt good while running but rolled it again today and hurts lots. What do?
Shin pain seriously hurts running in basketball games?
Should I still play soccer even though I popped my knee two times?
Should I stop playing if my Achilles hurts after volleyball but usually recovers in a day?
Should i keep wrestling? I wrestle on the wrestling team for my high school. I have flat feet, shin splints, a tight it band, and i very recently recieved a bruised knee cap, and bursitis and tendonitis on that same knee!
Should I play in my soccer ame today if my knee is bruised and soreg?
Should I stop playing football if I have shoulder pain?
Should you play soccer if your knee is bruised and sore?
Shoulder muscle hurts from football and basketball back in high school. Who can evaluate?
So I had played 6 games of volleyball in a tourney, so now I can't straighten out my knee when I walk, but I can laying down. Whats the problem?
Soccer/basketball player, noticed stabbing pain on outside of Achilles near heel. Pain occurs during motion of pointing toe with/without use of muscle?
Son hurt his thumb playing basketball. It's swollen. Played baseball tonight- didn't pitch. How long should we let it heal for? Ice and ibuprofen
Sore right thumb for over 3 weeks now. Injured playing basketball, swelling has gone away after a week. Pain still persists. Chances of fracture?
Sprained my MCL during football. I recovered and played the season. Yesterday I felt popping in my knee same feeling from the first injury but not bad?
Sprained my foot 2 days ago while playing soccer, I've left it untreated since then, even played soccer again yesterday. Is it too late to wrap?
Strained muscles after playing golf after one week?
Suffered 2 back to back hits to my sternum during a basketball game.?
Sunday I had a soccer practice and my soccer shoe and a other girl soccer shoe ran into together. And my right ankle is sore but I still can move it.?
The base of my foot hurts every time I play soccer!? This has been happening for the past 10 months I don't know if it's callus or something else
Today durling a soccer game I fell backwards and after the game my arms were so sore. They are ok now but my back is sore now it still is now.???????
Today i was playing hockey and felt my hamstring pop, how do I treat grade 2 strain? I have a game saturday and a workout thursday.
Took a knee in my upper quad (thigh) 24 hrs ago playing basketball. Have been limping ever since. It's painful to touch. No discoloration. Fracture?
Tore a hamstring in highschool (football) healed but never fully did. Can't do explosive movements on it, still feel the pain when I do. Surgery?
Two weeks ago playing soccer I tore my meniscus. The swelling subsided and now I've been freestyle swimming to strengthen my leg, is this a red flag?
Well, I fell over on my ankle a few weeks ago, and it healed up (so I thought) but I just went outside to play football and now its hurting again. Did I reinjure it?
What are some common head or leg injuries when playing hockey?
What are the symptoms of a quad strain. i felt a pain in my upper leg during my soccer game yesterday. what could that be?
What are the top 5 most painful sports injuries?
What are ways to stop aches in my legs after playing football?
What can I do if my arms are sore and I have a baseball game tomorrow what should I do?
What can I do to get rid of shoulder pain while playing rugby?
What can I do to prevent knee pain from playing volleyball?
What can I do to treat a back injury from playing tennis?
What can be done for back pain from playing golf?
What can cause bad elbow pain while throwing a baseball?
What can happen if you play soccer when your back hurts?
What can help with your back when you kick with your leg while playing soccer? And thanks for helping me
What could cause a reoccuring pain in my wrist when I play volleyball or am writing.?
What do I do if i keep getting calf cramps every time i play basketball?
What do you advise if i sprained my right knee playing basketball last friday. Do I have to do rehab for it?
What injuries could occur from getting kicked in the knee?
What is the best pain solution for a basketball injury?
What is the best way to heal a quad strain fast? I did this on Tuesday in my soccer game. And I felt something pull up in my quad again in mylast game
What might cause my knee pain when i'm playing golf?
What should I do for a swollen painful knee after playing basketball. ?
What should do with my shoulder pain from falling hard playing sports?
What should I do for backpains? I injured it during sports (highjump) and it hurts time to time. I have stopped jumping but still do other sports
What should i do if i have had chest pain for two weeks? I have been playing tennis
What to do about foot pain while playing soccer?
What to do if I felt a small pop in my knee playing soccer.?
What to do if every time I play basketball right after awhile right below my knee starts hurting?
What to do if i hurt my arm playing volleyball?
What to do if i play dodgeball and am experiencing some arm pain. Any advice?
What to do if i twisted my ankle while playing basketball how do I make it feel better?
What type of doctor do I take my 14yr old if she hurt her knee playing soccer?
When I do smash while playing badminton I am getting pain in my chest?
When can I go back to playing sports after arthroscopy? After my knee arthroscopy, when will I be able to go back to playing soccer? .
When can I go back to playing sports after arthroscopy? After my knee arthroscopy, when will I be able to go back to playing soccer? .
When i had play football i had a ACL rapture and meniskus on my left knees. It passed 8 months but still hurts. What i habe to do?
When i play the game my wrist feel a little tingly and hurt a little and its just one wrist. what should i do because i like playing the game. stretch?
When playing soccer, my stomah hurts. Why is that?
When should you know when to stop playing and get evaluated after you are injured. what should you do for a bruise knee?
While playing football I got ankle sprained.My whole foot is paining too much, how can I recover from it fast?
While playing soccer I got kicked om my shin over a month ago. It hurts when I play on it. Not during but after. It isn't a sure to the touch, icing doesn't help. Should I just rest?
Why does my back hurt when I yell at sport events?
Why does my back, legs, feet, and hands hurts all the time? I have played basketball for 15 years and wondered if that had to do anything with my it
Why does my shoulder pop every time i rotate it backwards?  I play lacrosse and field hockey, could I have done something to it to be causing this?
Why does my wrist crack every time I bend it? It has also been hurting when I write. I play tennis so that might have something to do with it.
Why is my left shoulder blade throbbing painlessly? I play volleyball, I run, and have recently started to play lacrosse.
Why is my right shoulder always in pain after i finish playing tennis?
Why my big left toe is still swollen for 3 years from playing a soccer game? What happen was me and this other girl was going for the soccer ball?
Why my body aches after a softball game?
Why when i'm running during basketball my shins hurt?
About how long after plica removal will I be able to go back to playing contact sports? (Rugby and lacrosse)
Am i high risk for CTE? Played high school football and im now an mma fighter. Never been concussed but taken many blows to the head in both sports
Ankle I have a second grade sprain (anterior) how long will it take for me to be playing high impact sports again?
Any ideas why it matters if you have inguinal hernia or not when playing sports?
Are there any recommended sports activities for a child with Marfan syndrome?
Are there good, inexpensive sports for kids to grow up playing if they don’t like team sports?
At what age is the highest risk of injury in sports?
At what point should an injured student see a sports trainer?
Being dianosed with nonobstructive cardiomyopathy as a child, can he/she play any sports at all ie basketball or baseball?
Can I play hockey (no contact) with a separated shoulder?
Can I still play sports if I have had my spleen removed?
Can a child with lcpd continue in tumbling and gymnastics as tolerated?
Can a doctor tell if you have jacked off in the last 6, 12, or 24 hours by a sports physical?
Can a lung cancer patient be active in a competitive sport ?
Can a sports injury to the nose as a child effect it's shape?
Can a teen with mild CF play any sports without getting worse cf?
Can an injury from sports give you brown urine?
Can bow legs later on in life cause you to get athrititis, and would playing sports have an impact on that? I'm 20, i play sports, and I have bow legs.
Can contact sports be played with mild decreased kidney function?
Can hydropneumothorax patient play football? Please answer?
Can I play tennis with a history of subdural after a fall last year at 78?
Can masterbating while I have a concussion cause brain damage? Why can't I participate in non-contact sports while recovering?
Can my son play football if he has congenital fusion of c5-c6 and partial fusion of c2-c3 vertebral bodies? He has been playing for 7 years w/no issue
Can scar tissue in your knee can effect you playing sports?
Can someone play sports following a hip replacement?
Can symptoms of TMJ act up when playing sports? What to do about it?
Can you be 100% after a fibula and tibia brake in 3 weeks and play sports at high momentum is that possible?
Can you get an ACL injury from anything besides sports?
Can you get sport related injuries in your butt from not wearing jockstrap?
Can you participate in hard sports if you're on coumadin (warfarin)?
Can you play football with non conductive wpw?
Can you play sports with wilson's disease? Is it possible?
Can you still play contact sports after herniated disk surgery?
Could I have to quit doing extreme sports after a laminectomy?
Could my hymen have broken when I was younger through a sports injury?
Could scoliosis possibly end my baseball career? Please help me docs!
Do people with sports injuries make up the majority of physical therapy patients?
Do you think I am able to try to play hockey if I have a separated shoulder?
Does anybody playing any outdoor sport have retinitis pigmentosa disorder?
Does anybody playing school sport have retinitis pigmentosa?
Does playing  sport with an inflamed neck artery run any risks ?
Does playing football affect my kyphosis? Am I at more risk of a back injury?
Does playing sports wearing shoes with studs/spikes/cleats increase the risk of knee injury?
Football concussion problem, what to do?
Have grade I to II spondylosthesis. Played football in HS and college with no limitations/pain and would like to try pro wrestling. Good or bad idea?
Hello im 16 I have mild haemophilia can you give a list of team sports that are safe to do?
Hi doctor I am 18 years old male.i was diagnosed with spina bifida occulta. I play football,but I feel fatigue in the spine.can continue to play footb?
Hi, I am 37 years old and still playing soccer, do you recommend any supplements for my health in order to keep in shape and avoid injuries?
How can I perform the energetic remedy for sport injuries?
How can I prepare and treat an old sprain when playing sport?
How can I prevent long-term damage from athletic competitions?
How do you deal with sport injuries for little kids?
How long after a tonsillectomy can someone with no complications return to normal physical activities, like going to the gym, playing sports?
How long after dislocating a shoulder will you be able to play sports again?
How long after strabismus repair can I play contact sports? (Muay thai)
How long can I keep playing sports with a stress fracture?
How long must a high school athlete wait to play again after a concussion?
How long should I wait before playing sports after pneumothorax?
How long should testicular pain last after a sports accidental impact?
How long until I can play sports after a scrotal hematoma?
How long until I can do high impact sports again after having microfracture surgery?
How might cheerleading injuries be treated in small schools?
How much time do I need to rest before going back to sports in case of grade 1 ACL injury?
How often should a basketball player receive a medical evaluation?
How should I deal with my sickel skills disease, and what type of sports should I do, and what type of sports should I do?
How soon can my 13 year old son resume sports after a minor growth ate injury in his wrist?
How to recognize and treat hip injuries in outdoor soccer?
How to recognize and treat shoulder injuries in indoor soccer?
How to speed up recovery of a dislocated shoulder injured in august in a wrestling practice?
How would i know if my rotator cuff is ready for high intensity sport?
I am 19, how can I fully recover from my first ever shoulder dislocation and I also go gym and play sports for fun and I am a student aswell ?
I am a 23 year old male with developing arthritis in my subtalar joint, will i be able to play basketball at a high level still? (ex: college)
I am a 48 year year old man who plays rugby and goes to the gym each day/ how should I avoid injury?
I am a high school baseball player with symptoms of lateral epicondylitis. The symptoms have lasted about a week. What should I do to treat this?
I am taking sulfamethoxazole, can I participate in any sports?
I found out I have arthritis in my spine, do I need to give up playing football?
I had a surgery on november 7th and my game is ondecember 20th. Is one allowed to play sports after 5 weeks of having an appendicitis surgery? Is their any herniacaused?
I had a very very mild concussion (no blacking out) 11 days ago.Last symptoms 9 days ago. PT said I can play contact sports again. Am I safe to drink?
I had mono 4 weeks ago I'm waiting for my spleen to go down. Can I practice with my football team we are not doing contact yet just helmets?
I hasd shoulder anthroscopy surgery 7 weeks ago and my docor is refusing to let me play sports. i play volleyball and all i wanna do is underhand pass? can i do that?
I have a ganglion cyst and I play sports. Will this hinder me in any way?
I have a labrel tear in november from dislocation and im starting physical theropy..  Is it posible to play overhead sports in april?
I have been previously diagnosed with a pinched nerve in my back and it just keeps getting worse despite going to a physical therapist. I play three sports at a prep school and my main sport is hockey so I really want to be ready for the season. My injury
I have bursitis in my elbow, and I have football practice in 4 days. I've had bursitis for a day now. Am I ok to play full contact in 4 days?
I have dislocated my shoulder, how can I prevent it from re occurring? So that I can play sports etc
I have had 3 concussions this year, but have never lost consciousness and all three have been classified as mild. Can I play basketball in December?
I have had 3 right shoulder surgerys due to rugby. I have now not played for 18months but have been training. Is it wise to play competitively again?
I have had concussions in the past but I was wondering if it would be alright for me to play sports again? If I do choose to play sports what could happen?
I have hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy. Should I stop playing sports?
I have just been diagnosed with ehlers-danlos syndrome (joint cartilage) so should I stop playing sports?
I have just been diagnosed with ehlers-danlos syndrome and have history of fractures. Should I stop playing contact sports?
I have neck arthritus can I still play sports like paddleball. Is it recommended?
I have osgood slater's disease. Should I still play football or pick a better sport? What's a better sport?
I have semi-serious knee problems for someone my age-24. I play sports but often have pain afterwards. What can I do to make them more resilient?
I have shoulder pain after an impact playing football. The pain didn't materialize until several hours after the impact. What are the implications?
I have spondylolysis. When can I start playing sports again?
I have tendonitis in both knees (persists in off-season of sports; I'm in high school) & am planning to hike a small mountain in 2 days. Ok idea?
I have tendonitis in both my knees that never really seems to go away, even when I'm not in a sports season. I'm in high school. Ideas?
I just found out I have a curve in my spine at a sports physical. How will this affect me? In general and as an athlete? I play volleyball and tennis
I just found out I have arthritis and im 21 with chips of cartilage floating around. How will this affect me in 10 years? Can i still play football?
I play team sports at my university. Do I have to stop now that I have type 1 diabetes?
I think I have a post-nasal drip which effects me when I run/play sports. What are some ways to combat this?
I think I'm getting anxiety on nights when my child plays a sport. What meds for it?
I want to be professional wrestling but I have mild scoliosis do you think can wrestling becoming a wwe?
I want to participate in extreme sports. What should I do prior to participating in any exercise? I am 56 years of age.
I want to play sports but I have to do a sports physical first. What do they do at them & do I get drug tested?
I wear a sports bandana, like some tennis players (Nadal, Federer etc) when I run and workout. Can this do any damage to my hair? Weakening, thinning?
I'm 27 play a lot of intramural sports. I have no issues. Would you recommend wearing a sleeve brace for my ACL prevention? What would you recommend
I'm active in sports especially football and I do wear glasses. Is lasic surgery safe for me to play football in future after the surgery?
I'm on the 2nd week of resting wrist stress fracture, when do i resume sports and what to take as precautions?
I've been having problems with gracilis i believe or groin , I am a soccer player someone help me recover from this . Any suggestions?
I've had 4 concussions in the past year from playing contact sports. I've noticed some memory problems as well. Is it time to stop contact sports?
I've had post concussion syndrome for 5 months will I be able to play rugby in 3 months?
If I have paget's disease can I play sports?
If a 14 year old boy has left ventricular hypertrophy can he still play football ?
If I get surgery to correct my fallen arch, will I be able to play sports again. One arch is very high, and the other one dropped due traumatic injury?
If i have vp shunt surgery how long till i can play contact sports such as basketball?
If i play softball and I have compartment syndrome what should I do to prevent having surgery?
If my child has hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, is he able to play sports?
If you are born with one high arch and one normal arch won't you have bio mechanical problems over time esp if play sports?
In a sports physical for a 12 year old girl, how do they check for a hernia?
In your opinion, which common sports injury is the most severe?
Is badminton a good sport for hyper-mobility syndrome?
Is cricket considered a contact sport?
Is gymnastics appropriate for someone with epilepsy?
Is it bad for my healthto play sports with plantar fasciitis?
Is it ok if I stopped sports for a week? Do the musceles weaken?
Is it ok to play high school basketball with an ovarian cyst?
Is it ok to play sports after having surgery and chemo if you believe you are fully recovered?
Is it okay to play a contact sport with nerve damage?
Is it okay to play contact sports the day before a colonoscopy?
Is it okay to play sports the day following a concussion?
Is it possible for me to play sport after broken leg?
Is it possible to develop arthritis from playing the piano?
Is it possible to fully recover from sports injuries?
Is it possible to play sports after recovering from broken arm? If not, why?
Is it safe to play basketball if my son had a kneecap operation 2yrs ago? Does he has restrictions now on his activities? How to know if fully recovered
Is it safe to play sports after herniated disk surgery?
Is it true that once you get 3 concussions you can't play any sports?
Is kite surfing a static or dynamic sport?
Is playing a sport good for artery occlusion?
Is there any sports that worsen Genu Varum? Because I play a lot of soccer, and can it worsen it?
Is there such a thing as a sports hernia?
Knee injury in high school. Is there something to do at 40?
Old volleyball player and weightlifter . Developed mild supraspinatus tendinosis according to an ultra sound. Is return to play possible ?
Played football in high school. MMA fighter for 2 years now. Many hard blows to the head in both sports. Could I possibly have CTE or develop CTE?
Played some tackle football for fun. Flank is sore. How do you know muscle from kidney trauma?
Please describe the most common sport injury in children?
Returning to baseball after ACL surgery. What should I keep in mind to avoid further injury?
Should Accutane harm my bones /back/joints while playing sports?
Should I do sports if my kidney are colds?
Should I still practice snowboarding if I suffer from lumbago?
Should you play paint-ball if you have psoriasis? Would it cause serious damage?
Shoulda a person play basketball when suffering from a damaged nerve in the back?
Supposing you have osgood schlatter and keep exercising. Will it do any permenant damage?
The thyroid does it hurt when we do sport activites?
What are some sports I should avoid if I have bad knees?
What can I do to continue playing sports despite my arthritis?
What can be done to reduce the chance of injury when playing football on astroturf?
What can I do to reduce the effects of Kyphosis on me and still play sports?
What can reduce the risk of concussion in sports?
What do you attribute to the rise of ACL injuries in college and pro sports?
What football injury that can put you out of commission permanently?
What health problems or injuries typically affect baseball pitchers?
What is that chronic encephalopathy condition of football players?
What is the best ACL graft to choose if u plan on returning to high level sports like football and basketball?
What is the risk of playing football after a grade 3 spleen injury?
What is the type of tape used for dealing with sports injuries?
What is your opinion of Hyprocure as a solution for overpronation. Would a person be able to return to a high level of basketball play after recovery?
What modifications need to be made so people with asthma can be involved in sports?
What occurs at a male high school sports physical?
What should I do to take care of a groin injury from playing handball?
What should I look for when choosing a joint brace to use while playing sports?
What sports activities do you recommend for a child who has epilepsy?
What sports have a high risk of elbow injuries?
What sports have the greatest likelihood of injury for amateurs?
What sports puts an athlete at risk for a ruptured spleen?
What sports require helmets?
What to do if I have a herniated disc. would it be a bad idea to play contact sports?
What to do if I have a ureteric stent. Will playing football cause any major damage to my body?
What types of sports are advisable during pregnancy?
What's the best artificial limb for me to continue to play soccer at the highest level possible?
When can you play sports after open fracture in lower leg?
When having chest pains am I able to participate in any sports?
When having chest pains are you able to participate in any sports?
When is it safe to play sports after a wrist tendon injury is it safe for me to play rugby again the pain is about 3 out of 10 and I feel like its 85%?
When is the earliest possible to play football after dental surgery?
Where can I find a good physiotherapist for a sports injury?
Where in dallas, tx can I take my son for a physical exam to play sports at school?
Which is the chances of a boxer getting a longterm head injury from their sport?
Which sport should I play if I have heart problem?
Which sports causes  the most sports concussions?
Who operates to fix sports injuries? What type of surgeon do I need for a sports-related skeletomuscular injury?
Why are adolescent athletes more prone to concussions?
Why are epiphyseal injuries common in children's sports?
Why can't I play basketball properly even after so many years of casual playing? Is coaching really required? or am I cognitively impaired?
Why did my doctor say that I can't learn to swim because of my former hip injury?
Why do people have muscle pains after a sport activities?
Why don't more pro football players talk about their injuries and cognitive problems?
Why is it not a good idea to play sport when suffering from flu?
Why is it that i get spasms when i play sports?
Why should a soccer player take care for his teeths .. Is there a relation between soccer injuries and dental health ?
Will I still be able to play soccer after recovering from height surgery? Or will the longer legs upset my athletic ability?
Will continuing to play volleyball on a minor high ankle sprain exacerbate the injury and force me to have surgery?
Will I be able participate in recreational sports following shoulder hemiarthroplasty? I am afraid of damaging the prosthesis.
Will I be able to play sports, run, cycle, etc at the same level after corrective bow leg surgery?
Will i still be able to play competitive sports with a fallen arch in one foot? :( i've completely lost my identity from it, help.
Will I still be able to play sports with a pinched nerve?
Will wearing a knee brace while playing sports make it less likely to have an injury or more likely?
Would a 73 year old tennis player be able to resume playing 6 months after having some brain injury after a fall on the court?
Would a surgery on a bunion affect one's ability to play sports?
Would hypnotherapy help a 9 year child improve in a sport like tennis?
A year ago i twisted my knee playing sport and i think I have torn my meniscus too what extent would i need surgery?
About how long will it be before I can return to playing football after reconstructing my atf ligament?
After a knee joint replacement surgery when can I play soccer again?
After a knee reconstruction on my ACL & meniscus. How long will it take for me to be able to play sports?
After genu varum surgery , can I run, play tennis, swim and other sports as before surgery ?
After the knee is drained can I return to play volleyball?
Am I able to play soccer if I have plantar fasciitis?
Ankle fracture and torn ligament. Need surgery. Is it true that I can never play basketball again?
As an old football player, is a weak knee normal?
Been diagnosed with a meniscus tear in my knee, been told no high impact sport for 4 weeks as I am a gymnast, it sometimes hurts, should I use crutches?
Broken ankle, when could I play sports again?
Can I continue to play basketball if I've torn my mcl?
Can I play basketball with a groin injury?
Can I play soccer with a torn mcl?
Can I still play sports if I have bursitis?
Can I still play tennis with a bruised knee cap?
Can i play soccer with fluid around the tendon sheath anle injurie?
Can i play soccer with herniated disc?
Can i play sports if I have small subchondral edmatous in ankle?
Can I return to soccer after grade two ACL meniscus injury.
Can I start playing football again 9 months after ACL reconstruction?
Can kicking a football (soccer) damage my anterior tibialis tendon?
Can we play footbal with torn meniscus by using brace.?
Can you explain if it's safe for me to return to playing basketball after my ankle sprain?
Can you get a ACL injury from any sports?
Can you play basketball witha sprained mcl?
Can you play football with a torn ACL if you use a brace and are careful?
Can you play some sports if you have an artificial hip?
Can you play the guitar after tendon transfer surgery?
Can you play volleyball with a torn ACL if you use a brace or something?
Can you tell me how long until i can play sports with torn acl?
Could I have a torn meniscus if I fell playing tennis?
Could I have torn my meniscus I was playing lacrosse and a player slashed my knee and its swollen popped Locks up and hurts with any pivoting or turns?
Could I play football with a torn ACL and meniscus, or is that a career ender?
Could I play sports in my fractured ankle and does icing it help?
Could it be a good idea to play competitive soccer with a badly sprained ankle?
Could it be okay for me to return to playing basketball after my ankle sprain?
Could surgery for a patellar dislocation allow me to play softball this season?
Do back braces work for sports injuries?
Do lacross players have a lot of injuries?
Does ankle torn ligament effect basketball skills?
Does anyone tear his ACL and PCL in the same knee at the same time, while playing sports?
Flat footed and torn tendons. What is my future in dance?
Grade 1 ACL sprain,under rehab. can I dance on heels?or on pointe (ballet)?if experience some pain but not much, should I carry on?normal in rehab?
Grade1 ACL sprain, was allowed to dance again after 2 weeks. Is it alright if I do ballet? Still can't fully extend my knee. Pain when stand on it
Hematoma in ankle is it okay to play soccer on it ?
How can I continue to improve my basketball skills while I have an ankle injury?
How can I prevent spraining my ankle while playing sports?
How can I speed up rehab my knee (sprained mcl) so I can get back to basketball faster?
How can I strengthen the ligaments around the knees, because I play soccer a lot and ping pong and they both require lots of knee bendin. Thank you!
How can you strengthen ligaments and knee for football?
How did I tear my acl? I fell in volleyball while diving how did this happen?
How do I deal with a torn lat and still play baseball?
How do I tape my knee for hockey?
How do athletes still play sports after a torn acl?
How effective is physical theropy after a shoulder dislocation..  I have a lebral tear and i want to play overhead sports later?
How long after a knee scope will you be able to play golf again?
How long after knee arthroscopy can I start playing basketball?
How long after knee arthroscopy can I start playing football I had the op 9 weeks ago for a torn meniscus?
How long before I can play basketball after a dislocated kneecap?
How long before I can play basketball after having dislocated kneecap?
How long before i can play soccer again after i sprained my ankle?
How long can I use the stationary bike if I have a torn acl?
How long could a torn ACL and MCL keep you out of football practice?
How long does it take to recover from a anterior cruciate ligament (acl) injury and to be able to play sports?
How long of recovery time to play football again if I had surgury on my right knee mcl?
How long should I wait to play football if I have bursitis?
How long till I can play rugby and figure skate I have a second degree MCL and meniscus sprain I have to see a sports medicine doctor when can I play?
How much time after a wrist arthroscopy do you wiat to do sports?
How should I go about returning to athletic play after an ankle sprain? Is a brace or athletic taping better?
How to make the osgood schlatter in my knee hurt less during sport?
I am 2.5 months out of acl reconstr. (Patellar tendon) and menisectomy. Can I dance at bars/clubs/parties? I did yesterday and knee is sore today
I got an ACL tear. Orthopedic said that it is degree 2+ and not to play sports for 2 months. Will i be alright after 2 months?
I had ACL surgery 6 months ago and does my muscle on my leg have to be 100% better so I can resume playing soccer?
I had a knee arthroscopy - when am I able to play golf again?
I had ligament damage to my ankle 3 years ago. It still swells when I play football and hurts after. Should I consider ankle rehabilitation?
I had shoulder stabilisation surgery 2 years ago after I dislocated my shoulder 3 times. What sports are safe for me to play? Can I play rugby again?
I have a SLAP tear in my labrum (shoulder) from football in HS, want to try and play college baseball, any exercises that can help heal/strengthen it?
I have a lump and bruising on knee can I play soccer?
I have a sliped disk, can I play badminton?
I have a torn acl, mcl, damaged meniscus, will I ever be able to play soccer/football again?
I have a torn meniscus and acl. When should I be able to return to playing basketball?
I have an AC joint separation of 12 mm how long until I can play rugby 100% again?
I have an ACL tear and my orthopedic said that it is degree 2+ and not to play for 2 months. Will I be alright after 2 months?
I have elbow tendonitis and have iced it for a week, when would it be safe to play sports again?
I have had an Acl injury complete tear I took a rest from sports activites these past 2 month can I play sports activites awhile wearing acl brace?
I hurt my knee a week ago playing sports and I think it is just tendonitis and my ACL and MCL were already ruled out now my calf and ankle are swollen?
I hurt my knee while playing football. Doctor said I have a torn ligament but not sure because haven't take any xray. What should I do?
I might need surgery because I might have a torn meniscus and I play golf. Any ways to avoid it?
I played soccer with a torn ACL and lateral meniscus for 3 months and didn't have any trouble. Are there any consequences that I could have later on?
I recently toar my ACL and meniscus. When will I be able to play sports?
I suffered a lcl knee injury playing soccer. I don't want surgery but I want to be able to play again?
"I think I have a sprained ankle for a long time. What I can do?! just I need a rest or what "" I play football weekly """
I tore my acl, tips on fitness?
I twisted it as my knee was locked playing soccer last week I have been wearing a knee brace but knee is bruised and sore should I play or sit out?
I'm a basketball player and I need something for joint/ligament pain?
I'm an elite soccer player with an ACL tear is there any way i can be back on the field in a month?
If I have a partial ACL tear, can I still play rec-league basketball?
In which sports is ankle instability is common?
Is it a bad idea to play sports on a hamstring sprain?
Is it bad to continue soccer with a quad injury that is 3 weeks old?
Is it better to get surgery or rehab after dislocating the patella twice? I did rehab the first time and started playing soccer and did it again.
Is it ok to play golf on a sprained knee?
Is it okay to play basketball with loose cartilage in my ankle?
Is it okay to play golf with a torn acl?
Is it okay to play sports with a torn tendon?
Is it possible for you to play soccer goalkeep with hip labral tear?
Is it possible to continue playing rugby with an ACL tear?
Is it safe for me to go football camp with chondromalacia patella?
Is it safe to play football while wearing a knee brace for a torn meniscus?
Is it safe to play soccer goalkeeper after a shoulder dislocation?
Is riding a bike reccomended for a torn meniscus?
Is running on a treadmill bad for me if I tore my ACL a year ago?
Is there anything I could wear during wrestling to protect my mcl?
Its been about a month since I sprained my ankle. When might I be able to play soccer and regain full mobility?
Latral Menisectomy left me with a bum knee at a young age. How well do Meniscal Allografts work? Can I continue skiing and playing sports with one?
Might it be detrimental to play hockey on my torn ACL and meniscus?
My 11 year old son plays hockey but he has very weak ankles. What is a safe way for him to strengthen his ankles?
My 12 year old daughter plays soccer. What programs would you recommend for ACL injury prevention? At what age?
My 17 yr old son tore his ACL and wants to play football. Ss it reasonable to play with a torn acl?
My son is a wrestler, he has torn his meniscus how long will he be out?
My surgery was a dislocated knee. They say it's from playing sports. But i didn't really play sports because of my knee. Pain in knee and swelling?
Nephew just tore his acl last week, with small meniscus tears, playing football and was cleared to play this week with a brace. Is this possible?
Nfl player - is a torn pataller tendon the same as a acl?
Play hs tennis as an singles player. Last Wed I fell and twisted my knee. I can't sleep at night and have weakness on it. Had ACL surgery 2 yrs ago.
Please advise if it's okay to train for a half marathon with a sprained ligament in the knee?
Please help! I'm having pain under knees after playing sports?
Recovery time for sprained mcl? Also percentage of re-injury after return to play.
Rehabilitation method for achillies tendon sports injury.
Should I wear a knee brace when returning to soccer after ACL injury?
Should my knee be sore after playing football after meniscus removal surgery?
So I had sergury on my knee on my meniscus. I camw back to play soccer over 2 years without playing. Second game I play my knee starts hurting again.?
So can I play sports after a ACL injury?
Strained left knee mcl. I play golf. How soon can I play and what are best rehab exercises  for speediest recovery?
Torn ACL will i be able to play rugby again?
Torn deltoid ligament & bone bruise on ankle. When can I start playing sports again?
What are some activities I can participate in when I have a dislocated knee?
What are some common spine/back injuries that football players have?
What are the most common knee injuries to track and field athletes?
What are the symptoms of a pulled ligament in you knee? can you play soccer with a pulled ligament
What can be done about torn lateral meniscus and playing basketball?
What do you advise if I want help to figure out how long i'll be out of soccer. I tore my acl!?
What if you hear a pop in your hamstring? I'm a hockey player
What is subchondral edematous? Shoul id play soccer if I have it?
What is the cause if we play soccer after the surgery of raptured duodenum?
What is the correct way to strap ankles to play sport?
What is the recovery time for an ACL surgery and when can I start to play football again?
What should you do for a bruise knee should you play soccer?
What to do if I have a knee injury, how long til I can do sports again?
What to do if I pulled calf muscle strain/tear when playing soccer/football?
What to do if i tore my ACL when should I be ok to play sports again?
What to wear on shoulder with a tiny tendon tear while playing flag football?
What type of knee brace would be best for a basketball player with osteoarthritis?
What's a good knee brace for ACL injuries? Play soccer
What's a good knee brace for football players?
When after an ankle sprain can you play baseball?
When is it safe to return to basketball after jumpers knee?
Which sports can I play after a bucket handle meniscus tear?
Why do my knees hurt after playing sports?
Why do so many soccer players tear their acl?
Will I be able to swim or and dance after my ACL surgery? I am doing both competitively
Will a cortisone shot help me play football with torn knee cartilage?
Will a strained hamstring heal on it's own? I have a hockey game saturday
Will I be able to do inline skating safely after dislocating my kneecap?
Will I be able to play soccer at the same level as I did before ACL and meniscus surgery?
Will i be able to play sports after my acl/meniscus surgery?
Would an ACL injury keep me from the army?
Young person tear their ACL without playing sports? Could it happen jumping off stairs or twisting it standing? How would they have to land to tear it
19 years old why does my ankle & wrist etc constantly crack? guessing bc I injure ankle and wrist constantly when I play basketball.
3 years go=broken ankle & screwes sprained my akle playing tennis in auguet and it's still swollen. Had me in a cast. Is this normal?
Broken scaphoid, had a cast for 4 weeks and soccer is on in 26 days what are the chances of me being able to play? I'm 17
Broken wrist after cast off how soon can I play tennis?
Bruised my shin bone playing soccer. I'm not putting weight on it. Anything else to do?
Can I play basketball with a sprained wrist without it hurting?
Can I play rugby again if I have broken my ankle, or will it be more likely to break again?
Can I play soccer with stitches in my wrist?
Can I play tennis after a colles fracture?
Can I return to playing tennis if I have a bone bruise? If I use an ankle brace? The doctor told me it was a very minor bruise and it was ok to play.
Can a cut to the wrist recover and be well enough to play again?
Can a soccer player play with a cast on with pins in after surgery for a colles fracture? How long of a return timetable?
Can i play a bit of soccer wearing a wrist brace on my injured wrist?
Can I play soccer with a broken pinky toe? Two and half weeks ago I broke my toe during a soccer game. The doctor said it was a simple fracture and that I should stay off of it for a while. I've been buddy taping it and staying off of it. The swelling is
Can i still play football with a broken finger?
Can I still play football with a bruised tailbone?
Can my joints be harmed by playing guitar?
Can playing football with a bone contusion on the inner foot cause further damage?
Can you break a wrist in volleyball serving?
Can you play football with wrist cast?
Can you play rugby with a broken finger?
Can you play soccer w a broken toe?
Can you play soccer with an arm splint on?
Can you still golf or play guitar with the arteriovenous graft/shunt in your arm?
Can you tell me if I have a foot fracture, is it likely i will be able to play baseball this season?
Can you tell me if i could play soccer with a bruised toenail?
Could  i still play basketball after i recover from my right wrist injury?
Could you get tennis elbow playing badminton?
Doctor says I'll be out with a broken fibula for 6 weeks. What can I do for it heal faster? I wanna be back playing football In 4 weeks.
Fractured my radius and ulna bones playing soccer. The doctor said no work or soccer for 6 weeks but 4 weeks on I don't feel any pain and the arm feels normal so could I play again?
Golfer friend jammed thumb while playing golf, best treatment?
Hi I played rugby and got stamped on the ankle. Do I need crutches?
Hi do I need crutches if my ankle has benn stamped on 5 times by metal studs in rugby ?
Hi will athletic tape help protect  my brusied toenail  while  playing football?
How can I heal my leg abrasion from slide tackling so that i can play soccer next week?
How can I help my wrist that i'd injured while playing soccer?
How can I prevent blisters on my feet when I play basketball?
How can I wrap my arm cast so that its safe to play football?
How long should I wait before playing volleyball after spraining an arm?
How much time till I can start playing football(soccer) after I broke my fibula ?
How much time until i can start playing football(soccer) after i broke my fibula ?
How should I treat my broken finger from a basketball game?
How to treat a swollen finger, jammed from playing basketball?
How will I know if my stress fracture on my shin bone healed eough to play soccer again?
Hurt my tailbone playing soccer, could it be broken?
I am karate player after one moth I have Olympic game important to me. I have metatarsal bone broken how long need and ur advice to quickly recovery?
I broke my 2nd metacarpal and got screws put in last week, when is the fastest i can play basketball again?
I broke my big toe 3 weeks ago playing soccer. How much longer will I have to wait before i can play sports again?
I broke my fibula and dislocated my ankle. How soon can I play football again?
I broke my fibula and had surgery to put a plate and screws in. When can I start playing soccer / hockey again?
I broke my nose in a soccer game. What do I need to do?
I broke my scaphoid in my wrist on Sunday and got a cast today, when can I return to football?  Could I play a match in a few days?
I broken and chipped my and about 10 weeks ago and I have a screw in it now how soon can I play football?
I fractured my 4th metacarpal a few days ago in basketball game.  Is surgery necessary?
I fractured my 4th metacarpal playing rugby and got it casted. I want to be a firefighter and need my hands in best condition, do I need surgery?
I fractured my medial mallous playing basketball how long will it take me to play again? I had two screws put in. three weeks ago.
I fractured my pinky today I have a championship two hand touch football game Sunday could I still possibly play ?
I fractured my scaphoid playing volleyball I waited 2 weeks to get it checked and had played 3 games before is that bad?
I fractured my tibia 2 weeks ago playing soccer and had it pinned and plated but not plastered.How long before I can play again? I have the X-ray .
I got a hairline fracture in my 2nd metacarpal 2 days ago, but I have badminton tournament 10 days. What can I do?
I had a scaphoid fracture from a sports fall in soccer. I'm wondering if people break their hands some other way?
I have a broken scaphoid and it's been broken for 5 weeks and I need to play soccer in 5 weeks will I be able to play?
I have a broken thumb and my doctor wont let me return to my soccer team. Why? I don't use my thumb for soccer. It been 3 weeks rest.
I have a fracture in my right hand. Can I still play golf with my friends?
I have an oblique, intraepiphyseal, nondisplaced fracture in my thumb, when will I be able to play baseball again?
I have been diagnosed with mallet finger with a fracture. Any ideas about returning to sports?
I have broken my metatarsal about 2 months ago. I'm ok now. Can i play football again now?
I have bruised my big toe nail playing squash. How can I treat this and what should I do to protect it when playing squash again?
I have shin splints from august 2013. Played for 4 months and had prp and played 2 other mon. I've been resting for 2 mon. Still have the same pain.
I hurt my ankle during my basketball game but was able to stand still play on it the doctor and she said theres no break or anything. When can I play?
I hurt my ankle when I play basketball! What should I do?
I hurt my hand playing sports and now I can't clinch my fist now. Any ideas?
I injured my thumb possibly a sprain, and put it in a stabilizer. It's been three days, can I play basketball?
I injured my thumb possibly a sprain, and put it in a stabilizer. It's been three days, can I still play basketball? If no, how long?
I injured one of the muscles in my pinky finger playing guitar. Don't know the specific one but how long does it take for it to recover?
I jammed my thumb on thursday playing volleyball and only iced it on saturday, and it still hurts the same could it be sprained?
I just took my splint cast off after 6 weeks and i had a buckle fracture in the radius, what can I do now so that i can start playing basketball?
I love softball but I have tendonitis in elbow so should I keep playing?
I play tennis. I'm 18 and I have been playing tennis for 5yrs. Could I have broken my hymen?
I played football 2 or 3 weeks ago and tweaked my ring finger. Now it bothers me when I type. Not sure if its just a spraign or something worse?
I possibly have a hairline fracture and I want to know how quickly I can play volleyball again?
I rolled my ankle at volleyball and cont'd to play I then re rolled it twice the day after and con't for the day.  What are injuries and doctor or no?
I rolled my ankle playing volleyball,what are some ways to recover as soon as possible?
I sprained my ankle 2 weeks ago and now it is bruised I have a game today what should I do? Should I play or sit out? It is our first game
I sprained my ankle about a month ago, I didn't let it heal properly as I play rugby and run most days. What could have happened?
I sprained my ankle playing basketball 5 hours ago.  What is the best treatment for it?
I sprained my ankle while playing football. Hw long should I rest before starting activities?
I sprained my finger a week ago and have American football training tomorrow. My finger is still fairly sore but only when I bend it. Can I play?
I sprained my thumb when I was trying to catch a football 3 months ago, but the problem is it still hurts. I play sports in fear that I will sprain it?
I sprained my wrist last Tuesday I want to play baseball on Tuesday will I be ready?
I think I have a mallet finger from playing football. What should I do?
I think I have shin splints from soccer I have played for years but i injured my ankle 5 weeks ago and that still hurts a lot so could they be linked?
I think I broke my hand playing football about a month ago. What should I do?
I twisted my foot earlier playing ice hockey, could it be possible that I have a sprained foot?
I was doing a lot of cartwheels at a gym. Could I have sprained my wrist without knowing?
I was playing basketball and another player stepped on my ankle. I fell on it and twisted. Should i be concern.
I was playing football and the football hit my thumb, the top of it. My bone hurts a bit, but how long will this take to heal? I applied ice and taped my thumb up.
I was playing softball, and to make a long story short I fell and hurt my thumb. Is is there a way I can be sure if it is only sprained or fractured?
I've been playing football and now i've bruised 4 toenails. Is it dangerous to continue playing on?
I've had a wrist operation a few days ago.  When can I play tennis again?
If I have arthritis in my foot or ankle would it be smart for me to continue playing football?
Im a footballer. It've begun to be a tendency to break my ankles and now they are weak and easy to break again. Can i play (im playing in bandages)?
In football....What is a stinger?
Is external fixation necessary for wrist fracture sustained during soccer game?
Is it a bad idea to play sports with a broken big toe?
Is it a bad idea to play sports with a fractured toe?
Is it alright to play sports like volleyball and baseball with a nail left inside my wrist? (scaphoid fracture)my doctor says it need not be taken out.
Is it ever possible to get elbow tendonitis from playing basketball?
Is it okay to play cricket with a scaphoid fracture?
Is it okay to play football with a fractured wrist?
Is it okay to still play volleyball with a broken wrist?
Is it possible to keep playing guitar with arthritis in the thumbs?
Is it possible to play rugby w/ a fractured scaphoid custom playing brace?
Is it possible to play sports on my hairline fractured ankle?
Is it safe to play ball with mallet fingers?
Is it safe to play soccer with a bone bruise on my shin?
Is it safe to play tennis after colles fracture?
Is it safe to play tennis with a sprained ankle?
Is it safe to play volleyball with a sprained ankle?
It has been 2 months since i broke my forearm, when can I play  soccer again (no goalkeeping)? Specifically, i only broke my radius
Jammed thumb playing flag football tag and with pressure it hurts a little but I don't think it is broken or that I need a brace?
My 8 year old jammed his thumb.  Can he still  play in his basketball tournament?  Could he do much more damage if he plays?
My achilles' tendon hurts when i play softball, but not when i bike. Aside from ice, rest, and nsaids, is there anything else to do to speed healing?
My ankle hurts from my soccer game. Ice didn't help. What now?
My friends finger got slammed by the door there's no broken bones and it's recovering she's got a splint on should she play sports?
My heels hurt a lot while playing soccer. Could it be because of my cleats?
My short fingers don't allow me to play the guitar very well. Is there any way around this?
My son fractured his tibia (spiral) playing football. How long until he can play basketball.?
My son has a buckle fracture of his left thumb can he do more damage to it if he plays baseball?
My son has a fractured nose how long will it be before he can play football?
My son plays baseball has a minor fracture in his 2nd metacarpal bone he's in a cast for 2 more weeks when can he start throwing again?
My tendon on pinky finger was severed. Will I be able to play volleyball again?
Need to play soccer in 2 weeks but have shin stress fracture . How can I tape it to play?
Ok i was playing in a soccer game about 3 years ago when i was playing i bruise my lelf big toe. But the swelling is still here i don't know why?
Past finger injuries affecting guitar playing. Are there finger rehab exercises?
Playing piano hurts my traps?
Playing sport all together and my ankles have begun to crack all of the time, why could this be?
Professional football player with scaphoid fracture. Can I play before it completely heals?
Rolled ankle playing volleyball; what could cause me to not be able to move my toes?
Should I get my 13 year olds pinky X-ray I have a pic. We have buddy taped and iced. Hyperextended it in volleyball?
Should i play in my soccer game if my ankle still hurts from last week after it popped while i was playing?
Should i play in my soccer game today if my ankle still hurts from my last game?
Should I play volleyball with sprained ring and pinky fingers?
Should I play with a sprained ankle in my game this Tuesday?
Sometimes wrist and hand hurts while playing games?
Sprained my finger playing basketball and I have it in a splint now. Is that the best way to protect it or should I buddy tape it?
Sprained my wrist playing hockey the other night, would i benefit from taping it for future games until its fully healed?
The basketball hit my thumb and it a short time. Think it might be jammed. What should I do?
Thumb hurts when I play videogames?
Up and I find it hard to play with this swollen finger, that was sprained last week. What do I do, continue buddy tape?
What are the best brace for skier's/game keepers thumb?
What are the concequences of playing on a sprained ankle?
What can I do for a sports injured swollen finger?
What can I do to decrease my swollen thumb after soccer practice?
What can I do to keep my toes warm when playing football?
What can I do to prevent blisters on my feet from playing football?
What can I do to prevent blisters on my toes while playing basketball?
What do I use to protect my brusied toenail when playin football or can I not play with it?
What do you suggest if my hand hurts while playing the guitar?
What does it mean for a wrist to be locked after playing piano?
What if i taped my ankle before the game would i be fine?
What if i taped my ankle while it was sprained could i play soccer then?
What should I do if I have got a condition called mallet finger. Can i still play ball?
What should I do to prevent bruises under my toenails when playing soccer?
What should I wear on a previously broken forearm while playing basketball?
What sports can you still play with a broken arm?
What to do about a thumb injury while playing volleyball?
What to do if I hurt my elbow playing basketball?
What to do if i hurt my hand playing football earlier and i can't clinch my fist now. Any ideas?
What to do if i rolled my ankle in my soccer game yesterday, what should I do now?
What to do if I rolled my ankle yesterday playing soccer (sprained?
What to do if you get shin splints from playing basketball?
What's something good to heal your pinky of you hurt it while playing basketball?
When can I play football again after treatment for hand dislocation?
When can I play volleyball again after a scaphoid fracture?
When is it safe to resume playing the piano after a scaphoid fracture is healed?
Why do my fingers itch after playing in the snow?
Why does my hand hurt while playing the guitar?
Will i be able to figure skate and play soccer on a sprained ankle i can walk as long as i don't bend my ankle i skate monday and play soccer on tues?
Will i be able to keep playing football after a greenstick fracture (collar bone)?
After playing video games for a long time why do i Start to sweat?
Am dating online, and they keep playing mind games. Why do they enjoy this type of childish behavior?
Are computer games harmful to a child's development, or do they help train him for a future in computers?
Are the injuries sustained by the people in Game of Thrones realistic?
Are there some video games that are helpful to a child's development?
Are violent games generally more addictive than non-violent video games?
Can I begin having seizures from playing video games?
Can I play video games even if I have a hyphema?
Can I play video games if I have hyphema?
Can adrenalin rushes from video games afect us because we don't do any psyhical activity in that moment ?
Can adult man be addicted to video games?
Can I get carpal tunal from too much texting, playing games, and web browsing on smartphone? What can I do to prevent it? What symtoms would I have?
Can i still play video games after having my eyes dilated?
Can I tell me how I can make an anti bullying video?
Can playing video games affect my memory?
Can playing video games destroy your vision?
Can playing videogames hurt your eyes?
Can someone go blind from using the computer or playing video games too much?
Can there be any games or exercises that will make my brain less lazy?
Can there be really such a thing as a video game addiction?
Can too much video games cause muscle twitching in your thumbs?
Can too much video games hurt our eyesight?
Can video games affect muscle building?
Can video games cause behavior problems?
Can video games cause migraines?
Can video games cause motion sickness?
Can video games cause seizures?
Can video games trigger migraines?
Can you get a tension headache from playing too much video games?
Can you suffer significant brain atrophy from youtube, internet, & video games?
Can you tell me how I could learn to not rage so much when something bad happens to me in an online game?
Can you tell me how is it physically possible to be addicted to video games and gambling?
Can you tell me if i could get a seizure by playing video games everyday?
Can you tell me when could my son play video games again after a concussion?
Computer games are what kids love. How can I prevent poor eyes?
Could I play video games even if I have hyphema?
Could playing chess or checkers increase your intelligence ?
Could you break your thumb by playing video games?
Could you think violent video games make children seem more aggressive?
Do violent video games cause violence?
Do violent video games hurt a child's ability to sleep?
Do you know of a virtual reality game that gives the illusion of biking in a virtual race?
Do you think I should quit video games, for my ADHD and a better life in general?
Do you think video games can actually cause frustration and stress?
Does brain games like crossword puzzles and sudoku really help the brain?
Does playing video games can harm my brain skills?
Does playing video games or watching tv series and movies will affect studying and brain skills? What are the things i can do for better studying?
Does playing video games to much have an affect on your brain ?
Does playing violent videogames as a young child cause problems down the road?
Does playing violent videogames cause kids to have more problems with social interaction?
Does playstation or other games like that cause seizures?
Does video game addiction cause people to have poor grades?
Has anyone experienced rapid eye blinking after playing video games?
Help docs! I'm trying to find out what causes video game seizures?
Hi, can brain training web games (eg lumosity. Com) be harmful to kids above 3 years? Kids seem to love playing it - but is there any side-effect?
How can I break my video game addiction?
How can I control my right thumb better & faster while playing video games?
How can I get over wasting four years of my life on computers/video games?
How can I prevent frustration while playing video games?
How can I stop motion sickness from video games?
How can video game addiction be cured?
How can video games make my vision weird?
How do I detatch an adult family member from a video game?
How does playing too much video game make our eye sight bad?
How many calories would I burn from playing video games?
How much time should be allowed for video games?
How would know if my child's video game playing is a serious problem?
I am a fat and I many time play in videogames?
I am hearing that soda drinking and playing video games trigger asthma. Is it a fact? How did this show up in your practice?
I don't know why, but I'm scared of sudden video game glitches. Is that normal? Is there a phobia for that?
I enjoy video games but I get really frustrated if I'm stuck on a level. How can I not get so angry and enjoy playing the game?
I got a screen lag problem while playing game?
I have a game today but I a grade 1 quad strain what could I do to get ready for the game? What should I do after the game
I have been dizzy  since about two days ago I played video games all day (never even play video games)  since than i'm dizzy and can't walk straight. ?
I have cts and I am buying a splint today but should I text, type, play video games, ect. While wearing it?
I love play video games but I know sitting for to long is bad for your heart and many other things over time. How can I still play a lot and be healthy?
Is is true that video games improve hand eye coordination?
Is it normal for a 9 yr old to say he is going to commit suicide over not playing video games?  Should he be taken serious?
Is it normal for your hand to go numb after playing video games etc for awhile?
Is it possible for playing video games too long mess up your lasik?
Is it possible to be physically addicted to video games and gambling?
Is it possible to have an addiction to video games and a withdrawal?
Is it possible to have repetitive strain injury in hands from work and video games?
Is playing video games all day unhealthy?
Is playing video games bad for a person's hands and brain?
Is playing xbox formany hours a day an addiction?
Is there an addiction or disorder for people who watch anime excessively or play video games frequently? Watching free stream anime online 6-12 hours every day even digging into hentai for the absence of intimacy. And online using video games for social n
Is this video game addiction unhealthy behavior or good training for future air force careers?
Is video game entertainment necessary for human development?
Must I worry if my child is playing too many video games and not outside?
My 12 yr. Old son falls asleep doing schoolwork, homework, and chores; but is alert when watching t.V. Or playing video games, is this adhd?
My 5 year old son has addict with games online. What should  i do?
My 8 years old cousin had seizures and fever. He was playing video games for long time. Can these cause seizures?
My child won't stop playing world of warcraft. Can he actually become addicted to a video game?
My eyes be burning every time I played a hour of video games what can possible be doing this?
My heart is always pumping when I play video games does this damage the heart I play every day up to 5-7 hours of gameplay and consecutively for hours?
My heart is beating fast when i'm play video games, is this bad?
My son, 23 is addicted to computer games. He plays nights and days. Nothing counts in his life more, what do you suggest?
My thumb gets stiff or a cramp when I play video games on my smartphone for a while. Why is this?
Need to obtain crystals of the game?
Please tell me if it is good I let my autistic and ADHD son play video games?
Please tell me will playing video games for too long cause head aches?
Should I be doing sudoku every night at 65?
Should I have alot of light in my room while playing a video game?
Should kids play games with other people they don't know online?
This person says he uses a guide dog but also he plays computer games, how is this possible?
Watched a racing video game cars bumping into each other. Later that night and ever since floor feels bouncy only when I stand up. Video games or not?
What are some examples of computer games that improve hand-eye coordination?
What are some fun brain games?
What are some games for kids with cancer?
What are some good ways to reduce eye strain and fatigue when playing video games and electronic devices?
What are the best ways to prevent video game addiction in teenage boys?
What are the eye symptom from playing to much video games?
What are the symptoms of eye strain from playing video games and using the computer?
What can be done about a video game addiction?
What can be done to stop my addiction with video games?
What can be done to stop my video game addiction?
What can my kids do instead of watching tv or playing video games?
What could I do to break addiction to video games?
What do I do to get over my rage at video games?
What do you advise if I had a screen lag problem while playing game?
What do you do when you're addicted to computer games?
What does it mean if your eyes are burning after playing video games?
What is an acceptable time for a 16 year old to spend playing computer games?  He does well in school, but has not outside interests, or friends
What is the best age for me to begin introducing video games to my kids?
What is the definition or description of: video games?
What outdoor games can help my kids get exercise?
What should you do if you discover your teen played hookey?
What to do if I am feeling nauseous while playing video games?
What to do if I have no real friends and all I do is play video games?
What to if I am stuck. I am being tortured by depression. I am done playing games. Where do I turn?
What video games are good for treating amblyopia?
Where can I find educational games on the internet for my kids?
Who is most susceptible to developing a computer game addiction?
Why are computer games so addictive?
Why do computers and video games hurt your eyes but watching television doesn't?
Why do video games give me a headache?
Why do video games negatively affect your vision?
Why do video games with plenty of killing help me relieve stress?
Why is playing board games good for kids?
Will playing video games for a long period of time damage your eye sight?
Will playing too many video games cause my son to have epilepsy?
Will playing video games help my autistic son?
Would playing racing video games for several weeks straight and everyday for long hours trigger mdds?
A 13 year old male hockey player what is balanced diet for him?
Am a sport instructor grop fitness instructor what supplement are good for me, since I sport a lot, more than 34 hours sport a week?
Are sports drinks actually beneficial for athletes?
Are sports drinks good for kids?
As an active young male playing several sports, how can I lose extra weight?
At what age is it okay to let a child start to lift weights to help with sports performance?
Bootcamp for teen need help!?
Can I take creatine, adderall, (dextroamphetamine and racemic amphetamine) and Accutane at the same time?  I drink a lot of water already for sports.  I play football and baseball/workout.
Can a 17 yr old female tennis athlete still train for her sport after she learns that she is pregnant?
Can a P90X grad be fit enough to beat an olympic athlete in his particular sport?
Can dancing ballet cause eating disorders?
Can dancing be a good way for seniors to stay in shape when they're old?
Can docs please explain are clif bars okay for athletes?
Can heavy sports training (such as figure skating every day) stunt a child's growth?
Can sudden stop in exercising and sports have impact on health?
Can weight training affect the way I play golf?
Can you tell me are clif bars okay for athletes?
Can you tell me is HGH illegal even if I'm not in a sport?
Could cardio exercise (martial art, basketball) give you hemorrhoid?
Could heart murmurs would be found on people who has been dancing or playing sports?
Could masturbation affect track runners?
Despite being an avid mountain climber, high school and college rugby player, and fire fighter, I have never broken a bone.  Plenty of sprains.  Why?
Did competitive sport since age 12. Ran marathons at an elite level, still run and do strength training, healthy eater. Could I still have CAD?
Diet for becoming a strong footballer?
Do dancers stay healthier longer or have injuries from years of dancing?
Do high school sport coaches need health forms?
Does competitive swimming cause fertility issues?
Does super advanced whey protein of body fortress is bad for teens? I play soccer in high school and at night I go to the gym
Does the sodium loss in endurance athletes go down the more years they participate in training  and racing?
Endurance athlete with heavy menstruation, is this normal?
Falling below normal height or weight required for gymnastic stars?
Good exercise for kayak sprinter competing at national level?
Hello I would ask Can I practice sport games force during the menstrual period?
Help docs, is HGH illegal even if I'm not a professional athlete?
Hi I am 17 year old boy and I do sport is well and after one or two sprints I get very tired please help?
Hi good morning...I am Raviinder?
Hi i want to ask about medicin for diet. Is that healthy or the sport is better? But if u have not time for sport what is the solution?
Hi. What is the average calorie intake for a professional football player?
Hockey player here, do you lose muscle to masturbating?
How can I get into health fitness, training and sports medicine?
How can I have the will to excercise sport?I do not do sport more than 3 years..
How can I keep myself from passing out in my first krav maga class?
How can I lose some of the muscle I gained playing sports and still stay healthy?
How can you get taller? What should you eat and what sport should you practice?
How did so many really tall football players get fat and stay fast?
How do you support and build your stamina, I'm a ice hockey goaltender?
How many calories can swimming and doing krav maga(israeli self defense) burn?
How many time minimum masturbate for sports man?
How much should a 5 ft. Eighteen year old runner/pilates instructor weigh?
How much water should I drink each day, i'm a 16 year old athletic male who plays lacrosse for 2-2.5 hours every day?
How old does a child have to be to start weight training for sports?
How tall are those olympic girl volleyball players? What about 30 years ago?
How tall are those women in olympic basketball and volleyball? Are they normal girls?
How to find glasses that will fit teen and not fall off when active in sports?
How to gain a height of basket ball players?
How to get fit, lose weight while playing ice hockey?
How will pec implants affect my athletic performance?
I am 16 and what exercise should I do to grow taller? I Don't participate in sports like badminton or basketball. I just need to know what strecthes
I am 17 years old, and I stand at 6'8'' and weight about 203 pounds. Will I stop growing? I ask because I am playing basketball.
I am TTC. Is it okay for me to participate in water sports? (Water skiing, jet skiing, etc.)
I am a bangladeshi and I m 24 years old. I often play sports but unlike atheletes or professional sportsmen my stamina is relatively low. What cn I do?
I am a high school sports player looking to improve my workouts, is there any pre/post workout supplements that are healthy to take and work?
I am professional socer player. What is the best way to recover betwen training?
I cannot do contact sports because of mononucleosis, but can I train by my own? Body-building? Push-ups? Thanks!
I discvered that I have a varicocel the doctor said that it's not dangerous can I workout or practise sport it doesn't affect on it?
I found out my teammate on the volleyball team is cutting herself. What can I do to help her? Who should I tell?
I had to stop playing sports so I could start a job and now I have cellulite at 18. What do I do?
I have a 'heavier' heartbeat during sports activities than normal. Help pls?
I have a bpi from a football injury 4 years ago (9/11/09), and im an athlete at heart. It's killing me being out of shape. I need workout routines!
I have bradycardia (mostly in 50s). Doc said i would have to be a marathon runner or olympic athlete to have this. Is this true?
I have vertigo one to two days after strenuous workouts. I was a power lifter and football player up until I was 44-years-old.?
I love sports but can’t swim competitively. How can I enjoy it as an adult?
I need doctor's advice about getting into boxing and how to properly train/diet?
I play highschool football and I just want to get into better shape. Any nutrition ideas?
I play hockey and one strength/conditioning coach said that I should only do dynamic stretching before practice/games. So static stretching is bad?
I play sport of bodybuilding. Is fasting during sports hour before breakfast. Is it harmful or i can maintain the weight?
I use ciprofloxacin 500 mg now. I would like to attend aerobic dancing class. Is it ok for me to attend the class or do sport?
I want a diet that followed by playing at gym?
I want to know what is the difference in bodybuilding and athletic training (football)?
I want to loose kilos but I am not allowed to do sport. So what can I do?
I want to lose three pounds, is there a specific sport that will help me?
I was wondering is cardio considered an athletic sport?
I'am 20yr athelete (cricketer)...Can I take creatine...To improve my performance in gym. And on the field.? Will it improve my pace in the bowling?
I'm a hockey player, do I lose muscle when I ejaculate?
I'm a teen guy asking can swimming or basketball stretch me and make me tall?
I'm an athlete with epididmytis, am I allowed to lift!?
I'm an athlete, I play water polo, football, And do some long distance running. Will taking prednisolone 50mg per day HUGELY impact my lifestyle?
Im doing bodybuilding and have heard many guys in the gym talkin about supersets. What  is this method of trainin?
Is Ripped Muscle X safe to take for workouts? I'm 25 and play football
Is a heart murmur patient fit enough to participate in physically demanding sports such as boxing?
Is any game or activity for ps2 a good game to count as part of an exercise workout?
Is cross fit training good for hockey players? What about just in general?
Is dance dance revolution for ps2 a good game to count as part of a workout?
Is figure skating good for fitness?
Is herballife24 good for sports men..i am a sports man..cani take it..??please tell me
Is it beneficial to do cardio in the morning and then do fighting sport at night to get into shape?
Is it good if I'm doing full body workout 2-3 times a week? I'm a soccer player.
Is it good to do sports like jogging twice a day?
Is it ok for my 7yrs old boy to play tennis and swimming ? I heard that there are certain sports don't match together is this true.?
Is masturbating before important athletic competitions good or bad?
Is playing sport like judo and basketball two times per week the best  for me if I am 16 years old , my height 171cm and my weight 95 kg ?
Is sex in the morning of a sports competition detrimental to athletic outcome?  How long do physiological affects last?
Is sport or using sport device bad to brestfeeding?
Is there a healthy way to be able to play basketball and also do weightlifting exercises?
Is there an optimal diet for a competitive high school runner?
Is there any scientific explanation for NBA players growing over 5 inches (some even 1 feet) during college years?
Is weightlifting okay for kids?
Is working and bulking up going to negatively impact my ACL rehab?
It is ok for a 15 year old boy to take GNC mega men sport he is into track and field?
My 13 year old has 3, 5 prescription (nearsighted). Can he do judo? What kinds of sports are allowed?
Olympics question? How do the sprinters vs long distance runners train?
Should I play sports, lift weights as a girl during puberty?
Should people with hemophilia exercise and play sports?
So creatine is safe and usefull or not?Doctors have really diferent opinions...I make gymn and mbike.5 days week sport.
The masturbation how afects the body on the gym, running and all this activitys?
What are good workouts for a 16 year old girl that is trying out to be a football kicker?
What are my chances of bradycardia returning after I resume training for triathlon?
What are reliable, doctor-recommended healthy sports energy bars?
What are some good at any of those sports or dancing at least ?
What are some good dancers: how do you let a guy know that you want to dance?
What are the pros and cons of boxing when it comes to fitness and safety?
What can a sprinter do to regain energy after having sex on the day before a race and still win?
What can my son eat to gain more weight healthily to play cornerback in football?
What exactly is the next big thing in bodybuilding and sports nutrition?
What exercise shouls I do to grow taller ? I Don't participte in sports like badminton.
What fitness components do you need for hockey?
What foods should lacrosse players eat?
What is a good anti-inflammatory supplement? I am an olympic style weightlifter and looking for my muscles and joints to stay injury-free
What is a good, healthy, and filling snack after playing tennis?
What is an effective way to train and get into shape for alpine skiing?
What is aood diet for football players for muscle?
What is considered over-training in sport and bodybuilding?
What is effect if tough coach pushes husky boy to run laps in sports?
What is the best supplement for a teenage wrestling athlete during season?
What kind of nutrition athletes need?
What kind of workouts should I do to get strengthened and toned if i want to do combat sports?
What medication can I take to boost sporting performance? I am an elite endurance swimmer.
What role do sports play in keeping you fit and healthy?
What should i eat before going to play a sport like cricket to boost my energy?
What sport nutrition on the market is the best?
What sports/activities are good for people with obesity?
What to do if i play tennis almost everyday, and i workout 4-5 times a week.. Will this ruin my muscle gains?
What to eat before basketball practice for good energy and strength?
What would be a safe protein supplement for a 15 year old male athlete? Athlete is very active, plays football and wrestling.
Which cardio work outs are best to maintain fitness while recovering from a foot injury?
Which is more effective for exercising wii fit or ea sports fitness?
Which sport helps lose weight the fastest? Rugby club or running club or ultimate frisbee?
Which sport is healthier; do you prefer soccer or rugby?
Which sports are more risky for the acl, for regular people who only exercise a couple times a week?
Which types of food should an athlete have the night before the competition?
Who many hours a day do olympic athletes work out every day?
Why do athletes do 'high altitude' training?
Why do women excel in gymnastics?
Why is it harder to do track and field sports when it is cool?
Why is oprah climbing mountain? Is she healthy?
Will doing krav maga help me become energetic and muscular enough to do parkour?
Will playing tennis ruin my muscle gains? Please help me docs!
Would playing field hockey be a good way to lose weight?
Would you be able to be doing very competitive dance/gymnastics at 5 months pregnant?
will performing martial arts contribute or stunt my growth?
2weeks after delivery, can I do activities such as roller coasters , jet skis, ? Or can it cause complications?
3 weeks pregnant is it safe to ride rollar coasters?
After gallbladder surgery, how quickly can I ride a roller coaster?
After having CABG are you able to ride roller coasters again?
Am I able to ride rides at the gold coast theme parks if I am 3-4 weeks pregnant? Or is it just if I feel comfortable doing so or not?
Are roller coaster rides in general bad for the brain and health?
At 11 weeks post op TKR, is it ok to ride roller coasters or would riding them cause damage to the prosthesis?
At 20 weeks would riding a rollarcoaster kill your baby?
At what age is it safe for my baby to go on kids' rides at amusement parks?
Can I go to six flags and ride roller coasters 1 month after a complete ACL reconstruction surgery?
Can I go to six flags and ride the roller coasters 5 weeks after a complete ACL reconstruction surgery?
Can I ride a roller coaster after spraining my ankle 3 days before?
Can I ride a roller coaster with a stent and be out in the heat ?
Can I ride a rollercoaster after spraining my ankle a week before?
Can I ride roller coasters and swim if I have a subconjunctival hemmorhage without it being aggravated. (Been 5 days since injured).
Can a  roller coasters cause a mild case of whiplash?
Can a person who wants to conceive that is a girl ride bicycle or scooty?
Can a person with osteoporosis ride roll coaster can it cause more problems too a person?
Can anyone give me a list of don't do's after chiari 1 decomposition surgery 6 mon ago or does it depend on surgeon?As heavy lifting, riding breaking horses, motorcycle riding, flying, high altitudes, jet skiing snow skiing, mountain climbing or do you ju
Can horse back riding be dangerous for girls?
Can I go on carnival rides if im 5 months pregnant?
Can I go roller skating while 5 weeks pregnant?
Can i ride a roller coaster after SBK Lasik Surgery?
Can i ride a roller coaster after orthognathic surgery?
Can i ride amusement rides even if i just had my left ovary removed 2 weeks ago? Will it open up my stich even if i ride the non scary rides?
Can i ride roller coasters a few months after ablation for avnrt?
Can I ride the rails with my arrhythmia? I have arrhythmia and was wondering whether it's safe for me to ride roller coasters. I've ridden them before I was diagnosed and nothing happened, but I wanted to make sure.
Can i ride thrill rides if I have a panic attack while waiting in line and just before boarding the ride. I have no heart condition but it beats fast.
Can jet skiing be bad for a fetus?
Can my 5 month old baby go on a boat ride on the ocean ?
Can my wife, who is 8 weeks pregnant, do spin (stationary bike)?
Can people with hip implants horse ride?
Can pregnant people do bumper boat rides?
Can riding on a motorcycle hurt my chances of conceiving?
Can someone with SVT ride roller coasters?
Can you get a concussion from a jolt on a roller coaster?
Can you please talk about of the health benefits of bike riding?
Can you ride a plane after heart surgery?
Can you ride a roller coaster if you have anxiety?
Can you ride a rollercoaster when your a week or two weeks pregnant?
Can you ride a rollercoaster when your a week or two weeks pregnant?
Can you ride rides while 6 months pregnant?
Can you ride upside down rides when you are pregnant?
Can you tear something if you ride on a roller coaster before 2 weeks after having surgery for removal of the gallbladder?
Could roller coasters affect eye health?
Diagnosed chronic prostatitis several yrs ago. Episodes usually last a couple months. Bike riding agravates it. Love bike riding. Should I not ride?
Diagnosed with cervical spondylosis. Should I avoid roller coasters?
Do women orgasm when riding motorcycles?
Doctors, can my husband ride rollercoasters after a collapsed lung?
Does anyone else love riders of motorcycles?
Does riding a bike stop period?
Friend had appendectomy April 9th then rode roller coasters yesterday then got violently ill last night. Is that likely complication of her surgery?
Going to six flags. Should I ride a rollercoaster after having a fractured neck?
Had a c-section 8 weeks ago when is it safe to go on roller coasters?
Had a heartattack a few weeks ago and had a stent placed in her LAD, Wondering if it was safe to ride roller coasters at the great escape. ?
Hello. I'm 23 weeks pregnant. Is it okay to ride the lawn mower?
How Long After Laparoscopic Surgery To Ride A Roller Coaster?
How Long After Laparoscopic Surgery To Ride A Roller Coaster? I had the surgery last week thursday.
How can I cope with my emotional roller coaster .I'm 7wks pregnant?
How can I get over a roller coaster phobia?
How can I help getting ride of protenuria?
How come riding roller coasters aggravate heart conditions?
How do you teach kids to ride a bike?
How long after a head injury should you stay away from roller coasters?
How long after csection are you able to ride on rollercoasters?
How long do you have to wait after having brain surgery before riding a roller coaster?
How long will I have to wait after having brain tumor surgery to ride roller coasters?
How risky is jumping horses?
How soon after getting Lasik can I ride a rollercoaster?
How to get ride of ham aroids ?
I am 11 weeks pregnant going to take my 5 year old to the fair. I know roller coasters and such are off limits but what about kiddie rides?
I am 19 and have a blood pressure of 150/80. Is it safe to ride a massive rollercoaster in a theme park?
I am 22 weeks pregnant and I rode a motion stimulator ride. It wasn't too intense but said not to ride if pregnant. Will my baby be okay??
I can't ride ride a bicycle due to my adductor muscles? How long until my muscles let me ride? Or am I out for good?
I feel very dizzy and one time almost passed out after bike rides. I've had Post concussion syndrome for 2 years, but was cleared to ride, is this ok?
I had L3 L4 microdiscectomy surgery 5 months ago. Can I ride roller coasters today?
I had my aorta torn away from my heart in a bad motorcycle accident and had a stent placed to fix it. Can I still ride a roller coaster?
I had quadruple bypass surgery 4 months ago, is it safe to ride roller coasters now?
I have asymptomatic  wenckebach. Can this restrict me doing things like going on aeroplanes and rollercoasters?
I have dizziness after a long car ride! any treatment suggestions?
I love roller coasters and have never been afraid.Now with a-fib taking medications can I still enjoy them? I only had one episode of a-fib
I m 1 month pregnant. am i ride in bike?
I might be pregnant, anywhere from 3-5 weeks. How harmful would it be to go to an amusement park and ride roller coasters.?
I never wore a bike helmet. Why should I if riding for pleasure slowly at 65?
I pass out after I ride my bike?
I ride 12 to 15 miles on a hybrid bicycle every other day. Is there a link between to prostate cancer due to bike riding?
I ride a diamond frame mountain bike for outdoor riding it has been suggested that a recumbent would be easier on my knees beat up in football age61?
I ride a sports bike daily, what precaution should I take to prevent the resulting bodyache?
I ride bike every day, is that reason for penal retraction, and who should I see?
I ride horses, so it would be a better to wear a tampon. Which are the best kinds for a beginner?
I ride my bike for exercise, can I still do this during pregnancy?
I was reading that early in pregnancy you can still ride roller coasters as long as they don't jerk you aound a lot and nothing has been proven. True?
I'm 15 weeks pregnant and still riding my horse. Is this okay ?
I'm going to thorpe park , and I have a pulse between 100-125, would it still be safe for me to go on a roller coaster?
I'm in the lawn care business and just found out that I'm pregnant. Is it ok to ride a riding lawn mower?
I'm riding 200 miles in 2 days on my bike and I need a cream for the labia.  Last time I did this ride I used chamois but still ended up raw and bled.
I'm six weeks pregnant and me and my husband bought tickets to go to universal studios. Can I ride any roller coasters?
I've always felt this dropping feeling in my tummy when riding Rollercoasters. It's a bummer for me 'cause I'm more sensitive to this. Does this mean I can never enjoy carnival rides ever again?
If I have 3 months of pregnancy would be dangerous if I get on a roller coaster?
If I have an overactive bladder, would it worsen on roller coasters?
If I have been treated for WPW is it safe to ride a roller coaster?
If I have been treated for heart defect can I ride a roller coaster?
If im 6 months pregnant can I ride any rides at the fair?
If my husband's lung collapsed 14 years ago. Can he still ride rollercoasters?
If you have an inflamed spleen, can you ride a bike?
If you have aortic valve stenosis can you ride roller coasters?
If you have aortic valve stenosis is it safe to ride the roller coasters?
If your pregnant is it safe ti ride roller coasters and go to an amusement park.?
Im 19 weeks pregnant can I ride a roller coaster or any kind of them?
Im 32 weeks pregnant can I ride jet skis?
Is a adobotic stairoids good for you?
Is a pacemaker bad for rollercoasters?
Is going on roller coasters safe 2-3 months after ablation, even if I have skipped beats from time to time?
Is horseback riding a bad idea if you have scoliosis?
Is it bad to ride jet skis during early pregnancy?
Is it dangerous for a person with wolf parkinson to ride roller coasters?
Is it dangerous for me to ride horseback during pregnancy?
Is it dangerous for me to ride the bumper cars at an amusement park when i'm pregnant?
Is it harmful to ride fair rides while pregnant? Just like the spinning kind, not upside down or beat you around.
Is it normal to have a feeling of suffocation / asphyxia when riding in bike above 70 kmph?
Is it ok at 8 weeks pregnant to go on a roller coaster (they will suitable for 3 year olds) so it won't be anything that goes upside down.
Is it ok for a person with congestive heart failure ride a roller coaster?
Is it ok if i'm gonna ride the rides in an amusement park? I have my gallbladder removal surgery last dec. 19. thank you :)
Is it ok to mow the lawn using a ride on mower during pregnancyk?
Is it ok to ride a rode bike or do a triathlon with spondylosis? I'm in great shape
Is it ok to ride roller coasters with me wearing gas permeable contacts?
Is it okay to go  on rides at a theme park 11 days after a concussion?
Is it okay to go on roller coasters after surgery?
Is it okay to ride motorcycle on a bumpy road in early pregnancy?
Is it possible for me to go on a roller coaster after i pull my tooth?
Is it safe for me to ride roller coasters with scoliosis mine isn't to bad but my neck hurts? Is there any chance I could get paralyzed didn't hav s
Is it safe for people with scoliosis to ride roller coasters?
Is it safe to climb mountain after a year of under going c-section?
Is it safe to do eye gymnastics while riding train or subway?
Is it safe to go horse riding with heart failure?
Is it safe to go on a roller coaster while pregnant?
Is it safe to go on roller coasters while on Adderall?
Is it safe to go to amusement/water parks and ride the rides with well-controlled high blood pressure?
Is it safe to have heart arrhythmia and ride roller coasters with grandkids?
Is it safe to ride a push bike during pregnant? Why or why not?
Is it safe to ride at a water park at 8 weeks pregnant ? ....what about a roller coaster ? ...I know it sounds foolish but I'm curious
Is it safe to ride roller coasters if you have aortic valve stenosis?
Is mountain climbing safe? I want to do it at 50.
Is riding a roller coaster a way to cause retina detachment?
Is rock climbing safe?
Is the act of horseback riding dangerous? I know falling is but what about the motion involved in horseback riding if the women rode before pregnancy?
Is there any remedy for motion sickness? I miss riding rollar coasters.
Is there any way to ride my bike without my hemorrhoids bleeding later?
Is there any way to ride my bike without my hemorroids bleeding.
Is to possible / safe to ride my motorcycle with a picc line in my arm?
Is using the stairs (about 100 stairs) 5 times a day is risky for the health?
It's so fun but I don't know if its dangerous if so, what are the risks of going on the spinning rides at theme parks?
Might a person with a concussion ride water rides?
My bf had surgery almost 6 months ago for a cavernous hemangioma. He has a couple of screws now, but no residual symptoms. Can he ride roller coasters?
My dad has had a pacemaker for about a month and a half. Can he engage safely in water rides such as rides at WaterWorld?
My daughter is autistic, can she ride on an airplane?
My dr says i may have a very slight heart murmur. Is it still ok to ride roller coasters knowing this?
My husband was stabbed and had heart surgery - can he still ride amusement park rides?
My six year old will not try riding a bike and I don't want him miss out.?
My wife had a C-section 4weeks ago can she ride roller coasters at 6 flags?
Now that I am older and ride roller coasters with my kids I feel  nauseous and have veritgo. Why does this happen when I used to do it fine?
Ok to mow grass on riding lawn mower while pregnant?
Please advise if it's a bad idea to ride on roller coasters if I have epilepsy?
Riding rollercoasters a week after gallbladder surgery, help?
Roller coaster riding ok with heart problems and pacemaker?
Should a person with aorta aneurysm ride on a roller coaster?
Should I go on a roller coaster with asthma?
Should i ride a roller coaster when i broke my sternum a few months ago?
Should i ride a spin cycle with a bad L4  L5 or a more conventional stationery bike?
Spinal scoliosos is it dangerous riding a rollercoaster?
Suffer from headache after bike ride?
Three days ago, my husband had a mini-sroke.   Should he be riding roller coasters?
We want to go to a theme park tomorrow but my wife doesn't know if she can ride rides she had our son 2 weeks ago.
Weird question but I'm going to a carnival this weekend would it be safe to ride the rides because I ovulated today would it be safe to ride the rides?
What activities should I participate in now that i'm getting older. I walk, ride my bike, and swim.
What are risks of horseback riding?
What are the disadvantages of mountain climbing?
What are the most common injuries that occur in bareback bronc riding?
What are the risks of alpine skiing?
What are the risks of indoor climbing?
What are the risks of riding a roller coaster with a heart condition?
What are the risks of riding roller coasters for a person with pacemaker?
What are the risks of riding rollercoasters for a person with pacemaker?
What can I do if my husband was stabbed and had heart surgery - can he ride amusement park rides?
What can I use for mdds. I sway all the time except when I'm in motion, eg boat, car.?
What can cause me to go blind for 10 minutes while riding motorcycle?
What do you advise if I was riding my bike and I popped my cherry, is this normal?
What is the best home remedy after taking a fall on a mountain bike ride? Thanks
What is the risk of riding bike without helmet?
What risks will my child with syncope have riding a bike?
What should I do about blisters from roller skating?
What to do if I have a urinary catheter in and I was wondering if I could still bike ride?
What to do if I have asthma and I want to know if I can go on roller coasters at great america tomorrow?
What to do if i got a concussion can I still go on roller coasters?
What will happens if someone with a heart condition goes on a roller coaster?
When can I play golf, ride a bike, or go hiking after spine surgery?
When can I ride a motorcycle after a hysterectomy?
When can I ride roller coasters again after having a cranioplasty surgery?
When can I ride roller coasters and other theme park rides again after a cranioplasty surgery?
When i go on roller coasters it hurts my chest. Physical pain not fear. What is that? I used to love roller coasters
When is best to teach kids to ride a bike?
Why can't I breathe when descending on a roller coaster? I don't know if it's because I'm blind, or if ther's a neuroendocrine explanation.
Why is it that roller coasters aggravate heart conditions?
Why would thorazine (chlorpromazine) 25 mg make me not be able to ride my bike?
"Would it be safe to go on rollercoasters if I have ""tennis elbow""?"
It is my last year of hockey and I would like to know if I would be able to play through the season. If so, how?
10m old babyboy.in play area gets excited and makes noise while playing.is it normal also becomes hyper active when playing is it normal?
24 year old son thought had a hernia, told it was lymph nodes, plays hockey, snowboards, extreme mountain biking, has had various cold flu syptoms ?
36 M play rball for 150 mins every week. Sometimes After playing hr stays in 85-90 range for a few hours after play. Should I be worried? No pains.
A toy train has some rust on a small part. Is it safe to let my 23 months old play with it?
After I played a poker tournament I had several adrenal rushes, and know for days my muscles have been burning really bad...What is this? Any idea?
After long time of not playing basketball I played and experience severe body pain after, how can I get rid of it.
Almost 21 male,179.3 cms 180 pounds 100m athlete,played basketball and football till 19 now only run.i want to grow to 183 cms, is that possible?how?
An MRI showed rapturos in the knees string and cartridges I play women's volleyball regularly what can I do and when can I play again?
Anxiety is stopping me from playing basketball. How do I overcome this?
Are headaches I'm getting almost every night after rugby practice linked to a concussion I got 3 weeks ago playing rugby and is it safe to go back?
Are headaches in getting every night after rugby practice linked to a concussion i got in rugby 3 weeks ago and is it safe to play if I have headaches?
Are motion sickness tablets effective for nausea caused from playing video games or carnival rides?
Are there any things that will prevent conception after iui. Examples alcohol, coffee, ibuprofen, playing hockey.
Are there preventive measures I can take to reduce my chances of injury playing soccer?
Baseball to throat. My stepson (9) and his dad were playing baseball last week and my husband got one to the throat. He is still in pain. Won't see a doc due to overworkaholicism! Are there any serious medical issues that can arise from this? Are there a
Blood in vomit after being checked playing hockey and hitting tooth?
Blood sugar 185 right after a basketball game in which temper ran hot near end of game.  Is that normal?  Levels were fine before & an hour after game
Call u play sports if u have a small hole in your heart .Mines is on the side ?
Can I get my osgood schlatters bump removed now at age 17? It really bothers me during vball but the season just ended and I have the time
Can I give my 95lb, 15 year old daughter alieve for her jumpers knee? And if she's hurting after her game we are letting her miss game tomorrow.
Can I use nail polish on my face for  a football game so it won't run.
Can creatine help shoulder tendons to get stronger as i take through my practice i've got injured in my pratice cricket..can creatine help it..
Can drinking powerade+red bull+coke before playing streetball give me an edge?
Can drinking sports drinks be bad for a child's teeth? Our seven year old son plays soccer and likes to drink gatorade afterwards. He's developed a taste for it at non-sports times too, and i'm worried that it might be bad for his teeth.   .
Can I continue playing basketball with a groin hernia? I was recently diagnosed with one.
Can i play as a soccer goalkeeper, i had a cut under my left eyebrow 8 days ago, i got 4 stitches, im 16 and i have an important match in 10 days?
Can my 5 yr old daughter run jump & play soccer 24-48 hours after hitting forehead and having a large gooseegg?
Can playing around in snow for a few minutes hurt a child with asthma?
Can playing field hockey cause a late period?
Can playing indoor field hockey cause a stiff back and how to get rid of it?
Can someone get a burner and concussion at the same time from basketball?
Can someone get mal de disembarkment syndrome from playing racing games for a few hours every day?
Can you advise for playing a certain song from the cure?
Can you play basketball with a sinus infection or will that make it worse?
Can you tell me any tips for playing water polo on your period?
Can't follow dance steps. I can't play any sport involving balls or shuttlecock. I can't catch anything. If a ball comes at me, I can't duck. Problem?
Did I make a lifelong mistake when I broke my foot playing baseball?
Do video games rot your brain? I play about 4 hours a day and I still have 4.0 gp. I was just curious if they hurt you
Do you get physically taller playing basketball?
Does playing dead work to avoiding a shooter?
Does playing the trumpet make your checks bigger?
During a basketball game a girl elbowed me in the temple and the next day I threw up and have a migraine including limited vision. Should I see a dr?
During the european cup soccer tornament I have been waking up regularly at 5 am to watch soccer games how can I minimise my fatigue?
Expert opinion - should playing soccer make heart murmur worse?
Fractured tibia 11/17/13. Visited doctor today, said its good. To start running, what do you guys think? How much longer til i play soccer again?
Give anything to get down on the floor and play with my grandchildren?
Hello! 2 weeks ago playing tennis at competitive level, I was a the net, the ball came really fast and ricocheted to my racquet frame to finally bo?
Hello I'm 23.I had retinal detachment surgery approximately 6 months ago. Now can I do heavy lifting, go waterslide or play soccer etc.? Or when can i?
Hello, I'm 22 and have a scar on my shoulder from when I was 6/7 playing football on a asphalt course. It's now growing a few hairs, shud I b worried?
Hello. I am a sophomore in high school and am an athlete. Last year I played football and subluxed my right shoulder twice. Afte I've been icing and heating it. Trying to rest it.
Hey I play soccer and I get injured some times so what's more effective to use inongan or olfen? And thanks
Hey! I'm a 16 year old boy. I suffering from knock knees. I play football. But I'm worried about my future. Please help. Guide me. Can brace work.
Hi I just found out 2 weeks ago that I got lumbar disc It is not too bad  I dont feel if I dont work or play. So can I play Volleyball?
Hi my little 3 old daughter broke her hand last week. Is it going to effect her latter in life? Play tennis? Basketball? Thanks oshik
Hi can I still play football if IV still got a brusied toenail or will it fall off x?
Hi I am 31 years old and when i play football i find it really difficult to breath and recover while playing a match please help .
Hi doctor's! recently I had indoor soccer practice, the soccer balls were rock solid and I chested the ball n headed it, could I have an concussion?
Hi I am a former athlete ive wrestled played soccer ect and am wondering if there are tests for CTE on living patients?
Hi,  my son, who's 6, plays lots of soccer.  He carries the sickle cell trait. I keep him hydrated and rested, but what else should I do?
Hi, our 6 yr. Old son has started spinning 200+ times a day as he walks, plays, sits, etc. He also has to do things in twos.  He use to nod and hum...?
Hi.  My daughter (13) had her appendix removed on April 4th.  She had an open appendectomy.  She was told not to play sports or dance for two weeks.  She went to dance practice last night and felt what she described as a 'pulling' inside and stopped danci
How can I prevent sunburnt eyes due to playing soccer all day?
How can I protect myself during a soccer game when my stitches were recently removed?
How can I quickly get fit to play adult league baseball?
How can I tell if my child is getting dehydrated if he's been playing outside all day?
How come I am not hungry after playing basketball?
How come I produce a lot mucus when I play basketball? Normal?
How come so many old guys who played football are limping and walking slow like butkus did?
How come when I masturbate a day before or like 2 hours before I play basketball my play style gets different. Like I miss most of my shots it is rare
How do I get a swimmer/surfer/skate- like body?
How long after breaking arm before playing contact sport?
How long can you keep playing sports if your not too far in pregnancy?
How might i get ready to play high school football?
How often do guys need new hips if they played only HS football in the 60s?
How soon after ingrown toenail minor surgery should I wait to play football it's just touch football no contact?
I am 17 and a senior I want to play softball but it hurts my knee I have to take 800mg ibuprofen before I play have been to doc and therapy worthrisk?
I am a 17 year old female. 5'6 and 140 lbs. I went to the doctor and got a bp of 130/80 and that worries me. I am active and play soccer.?
I am a black male, 24 years old, 5 foot 8, and 214 pounds, how much should I weigh for sports? Like basketball and soccer and stuff
I am a breaststroke swimmer. What are some things I should keep in mind to avoid injuries?
I am a healthy 16 year old girl and I active play basketball. But when weather changes my knees hurt and happening more often. What is it?
I am a highschool hockey and baseball player, is there any pre/post workout supplements or powders that arent bad for you?
I did my PRK surgery a week ago, may I know when is the rough timeline before I can start playing soccer again?
I get tired quickly when I exercise or play soccer doing after a few sprints? Should I get tested?
I go to the gym and play rugby 24/7. Since I am a teenager my acne has gone out of control and I don't know how to fix it.
I got a blister on my palm that I got from lifting weights during football practice how do I remove it?
I got a gum graft, can I play paintball. Read on for needed details to answer.?
I got a mild concussion snowboarding on Saturday afternoon. I feel mentally fine but have whiplash. When can I drink? Play volleyball?
I got a quad strain in my soccer game yesterday. What could I do to heal it fast? Should I play in my game tomorrow or sit out?
I got double vision a few mins into playing soccer. I am 50, not fit but was not struggling for energy. What could cause?
I got hit in the eye with a line drive playing baseball. What can I do to speed up the recovery?
I got the ok from the doc to play field hockey. Forgot to ask should I wear helmet?
I had 2 soccer games, previously I didn't work out for 4 months. Can this excessive exercise delay my period?
I had a dilated eye exam 2 hours ago. Can i go to the gym to play basketball? Or do I need to stay home and rest my eyes?
I had a open appendix surgrey last month and I'm 16 years old and skinny. When can I start playing basketball again?
I have been considering playing lacrosse, but I'm scared since itll be my first time ever. is it a hard sport for first timers?
I have been inflicted with hit on the mouth with a softball. I am afraid to play again. What can I do?
I have little blisters like in question on my hands but i play basketball a lot could this be the cause?
I have recently started playng rugby but during and after my ankles and writs hurt and osteoporosis runs in my family am i at risk and should I keep p?
I have sickle cell trait, during a basketball game my knee went out lost feeling and swelled up, I can't run nomore is this a bad sign of the trait?
I have symptoms of tennis elbow, and I am a high school baseball player. Should I see a specialist, and should I stop throwing until then?
I just recover from fever and playing football. Feeling a headache just after playing. Its like my will bust. Is it dangerous?
I m 34 yrs old l developed knee pain climbing the stair. I m a faster boler in my cricket team. I played 2 hrs daily. What precaution I should take?
I need some help with pain during my football games. I was wondering how long the endocet would stay in my system?
I need to talk to some one about my wrest asap had surger on my wrest but it still hurt
I play basketball and I just recently have gotten hives after a game! It starts when my ears become numb then spreads all over my body! Help please?
I play hockey and sometimes my temper gets the best of me, but pre much just in like sports or if I'm fighting physicly, is it from to much adrenaline?
I play hockey, and I have had lace bite for 5 days now and it has not gotten better (been icing it like crazy). What can i do to get rid of it?
I play prof. Tennis and one mounth ago i fell with all my body weight on the palm of my right hand. Nothing appeard on xray, but i still can, t play.
I play soccer regularly and have felt pain just below my knee caps on both sides... Its increasing with every game and I have a long season ahead.?
I play tennis regularly. In the last few weeks I have tripped and fallen on the court three times. This is new. Should i be worried?
I play the saxophone and  i was wondering what i could put between my bottom teeth and lip when i play?
I play varsity high school football, sometimes When I do a play, I get a headache or head stings sensation that lasts 30-120 sec after impact. Help?
I play video games about 4 hours a day and a stand and move around while doing so. Should I worry about cvi (venous )  .I'm 18 is this healthy or not?
I play video games about 4 hours a day and a stand and move around while doing so. Should I worry about cvi (venous ) .I'm 18?
I play video games for fun/work! When I get exited or am playing my BP rises to 124/72 while playing and back to 100/60 is this normal and safe? Thank
I play volleball and I would like to know how can I get in shape with an especific diet and excersices?
I played cricket a long time ago, now my whole body is aching when I play, why?
I played tennis in high school but i’m too busy now in college. How long will I be able to stay in this condition?
I ran in the 1/2 marathon last weekend and now my ankle hurts. There was no obvious injury during the race?
I really really don't want to miss the cup final football match I have broken the tip of my right thumb, can I play?
I twisted my ankle in soccer practice tonight and it is pretty sore how long should I not play we have a game on Friday should I play?
I use to ride a bike for about a year, do you think my hymen is broken? Because people say that it does break during sports, cycling n etc.
I use to train everyday early morning for 30 minutes and play soccer afternoon,,,,,, am I overdoing it?
I want to do ironman when I turn 50. Dumb?
I want to know about my hymen wall its is broken r not as I am a player I play badminton nd etc my age is 19 years nd m not married..
I want to play water polo next fall, my shoulder subluxed alot, weakest its ever been, 2 week and rest havnt done anything, is this normal?
I was diagnosed with Mono after being sick for two and a half weeks. It's been a week and a half, and I feel fine. When can I return to playing sports?
I was diagnosed with golfers elbow a week ago and haven't played since last winter?
I was diagnosed with mono. How long will it be until it's safe for me to play rugby?
I was diagnosed with multiple deep bruises on my foot this morning, is it ideal to play in a soccer game in a few days?
I was elbowed in the eye at a soccer game and i saw two of everything. What should I do?
I'm 6'4 205 good numbers but in bad shape. I play basketball do a lot of running but still soft belly ?
I'm a heavy guy & play a LOT of basketball, which is VERY hard on my knees. I feel it. I saw an ad for Osteo Bi-Flex and was wondering if that helps?
I'm a wrestler and want to make my neck stronger for the wrestling season coming up. What do you suggest?
I'm also a cheerleader and after tonight's game I am starting to lose my voice. How can I prevent that from happening?
I'm curious what could happen if i play soccer with a pulled muscle?
I'm had 2 mc 1st at 8 weeks second 5 months  So nw  I'm pregnant again so I want to do some sport walk or netball will one of this sport b safe for me?
I've been playing football only had 20 minutes whilst running got a bad headache and flashing in my eye I'm a smoker 36 years of age?
I've been playing soccer for the high school team and I had practice everyday except sunday. I have some pain near the pelvis it hurt when I run or kick?
I've wet whole my body each time I play football or outdoor sport. Although, I just play less in 3 minutes, how can I overcome this illness??
If I donate blood can I play soccer the next day?
If I ride my bike outside for an hour and play some basketball will it make up for missing my run or even enhance fitness?
If my son plays outside and exercises, does it matter for his health if he plays videogames when he's inside?
If v gets back pain during or after playing game (bowling  )so we should take rest or can play?
If you have cancer its better to do sport like run playing soccer or your body need to relax?
If you play flute a lot do you get very thin lips ?
Im 18, in college and gained the freshman 15. Now how can I take them off and keep them off next semester? Im a soccer player, need them of asap.
I'm 5'8 169 lb 42yr old man is it normal for your heart rate to stay above 100 2 hours after u get done playing basketball? Played for an hour non-stop
I'm 54 and play ice hockey 5 to 10 times a month. I noticed my heart beating irregular during the games usually when resting between shifts. After the game it sometimes continues. Only happens when I play. Doesn't happen every game. Any thoughts?
I'm a 15 year old boy and I'm recovering from a concussion that I got in wrestling. Is there a way that I can recover faster?
Im a boxer and i knocked out a sparring partner in training. He hasnt gone to the hospital but i keep telling him to. This was 2 days ago. Should he?
Is good to take a ice bath night before a soccer game.?
Is it okay to take pseudoephedrine before a soccer game or before you exercise?
Is it possible I could have tendonitis of some form from playing pinball for 2 hours straight?
Is it possible for me to get HIV from playing sports with someone who has it? Like from touching the same ball, frisbee etc.
Is it possible for me to give blood if I have a soccer game?
Is it possible to play football if you are allergic to grass?
Is it possible to play tennis or run with drop foot (3/5)?  I miss it.
Is it possible to stop my legs from getting thicker when I play volleyball?
Is it safe for kids to play on old playground equipment like high slides?
Is it safe to play a full contact football game today with a 8.9cm ovarian cyst?
Is it safe to play football with a bad back iv'e had for 22 years?
Is it safe to sing or play an instrument when you have strep?
Is masterbating good or bad for athletes like hockey players? I feel like they would lose muscle if they did
Is pigeon toe a concern in toddlers? Mine has been walking this way since the beginning. He's otherwise healthy and runs a lot, plays soccer, etc.
Is there any were in tucson i get get a free sports physical by monday i need it by monday so i can play a sport
It's been 25 days since I had my hydrocelectomy and I really wanna know when can I get back to lifting weights or running or even playing soccer  ?
Jaelynn is my one year old daughter and she was at an all day baseball game and got a bad sunburn and already has really bad blisters.
Just finished about 8 hard rounds of boxing/sparring. My vision seems fine, should I continue boxing? Not sure if im risking a retinal detachment?
Just had a septoplasty - will I ever get to play soccer again?
Just had a tooth taken out because of an abcess yesterday have soccer game sat will i be ok to play,  don't want to disrupt blood cloth..?
Maggie 15 yrs. Since Nov. jumpers knee. Plays soccer for high school and challenge team. Been 2 times to ortho Dr. Wears band. How long hurt? Cure?
Might it be possible that a a basketball player get a burner and concussion at the same time?
My  heel damaged during play cricket, Dr said need miner operation & other said only therapy, I can't walk still on bed since last 25 days! Suggest me?
My son 13 years old, has spina bifida occlta @l5. He likes basketball, he got back pain after trainning. So can he play basketball?
My 13yo sprained his wrist in football practice last Saturday. Can he return to practice or should he be sitting them out?
My 16 got a blister ftom playing baseball. It turnedblack is that k?
My 16 year old daughter has had shin splints for the past month or so. Shes a field hockey player. How should we treat it?
My 16 year old daughter plays varsity basketball, 2 years ago she had a partial meniscectomy. Surgery an PT went well with any problems and she return to playing basketball. Just recently at practice her inner knee began hurting from a jump she did and th
My 2 yr old hit his head while playing in a Mcdonalds playarea (in a tunnel). When he woke he had a fever, not wanted to play. Is concussion or cold?
My 5 yr old girl has had a dry cough for 2 yrs. It only comes when she is active (running, swiming, playing)...Her doctors say not to worry, ideas?
My 6 yr old son is very active in sports year round but yet even when not playing a sport, he prespires bad.Wht can I use for his armpits?
My 9 year old has bronchitis and strep how long before he can play basketball again?
My boyfriend has a concussion and he wants to play in his next rugby game. Is it safe?
My brother has gone to play basketball at a park twice and both time his face has gotten swollen with a lot of bumps all over. What could it be?
My child ran into a other kid playing hockey.  He had a minor headache that cleared. Does he have a concussion?
My daughter broke her leg in march. Will she be able to play softball this summer?
My daughter is 7.5yrs, she keeps moving (like playing games on her pad) her fingers all day long, please advice how to let her stop it!
My daughter will be 20 this month is a division 1 field hockey athlete and hasn't had her period for 6 months. Should I be worried.?
My father has a prob with his elbow, at a certain point it gets stiff & won't bend. What could this be? He was a baseball player & qb through his life
My hands shake when i get done playing a video game and they're stiff and sometimes hurt. Why does this happen?
My hubby plays in a men's league hockey team & in Nov. A fight broke out between the guys. His head got squeezed. He never blacked out, but was dizzy.
My husband had a football helmet slammed into penile region while in high school, could this be a reason  why it is taking so long to concieve.
My knees are bad from playing sports when I was young. I can't do jumping jacks. What can I do instead?
My neighbor sprayed spectracide weed stop on my lawn and my kids were running around playing soccer in it before he told me. It got on their feet.
My nerves all over my body have been jumping a lot recently. It started after playing a game of basketball. I do have seasonal allergies. What is it?
My niece has a uterine cyst that's 10 centimeters big, should she be doing physical activities such add playing tennis?
My son 10 year old son just had open heart surgery. How long does recovery take so he can start playing outside? Riding his bike & playing football?
My son had a full thickness tear of MCL during football. Outside blow. It has been 3 weeks since injury and he feels good. What's risk if he plays?
My son has a grass allergy, he is 7 yrs old and wants to play football. Is it possible to get special breathing masks for him to continue playing football?
My son has cut his birth mark on his hand why playing rugby what should i do?
My son has fractured maxilla almost close to his nose, how long will it be before he can go back to play football?
My son has hemophilia, but hasn't had a major bleed in about 6 years and takes regular shots. Is it safe for him to play tackle football for his hs?
My son is 10 and has a bruised meniscus.  He is very active in soccer. How is this going to affect his activities?
My son is 14 years old. Yesterday he complained of headache after playing football and while climbing stairs. The weather is extremely humid.
My son is 16 years old and plays baseball. he pulled a groin muscle and wanted to know if Largine would be helpful in the healing process.
My son is 2 years removed from a L5 bi-lateral pars fracture. He's played baseball & baskerball with no set backs. Is it safe for him to play football?
My son is 5'11 and has been tall all his life. Last year he was 5'7.He plays basketball and can dunk. Howtallwill he be at age 14.Hislegshurt somedays?
My son play high level hockey. His bursa sac was inflamed and he has been icing it. He just played a game and said the fluid is gone and his elbow hur?
My son playes sports and when he comes home from school his feet smells bad pleasehelp?
My son plays football and got hit in the chest pretty hard with a facemask. What should I do?
My son wants to play the trumpet, will playing the trumpet make his cheeks puffy?
My son was hit in mouth playing basketball--should he go to the hospital for loose teeth?
My tall 15 y.o. son gets sore ankles after running/playing soccer. He also leans forward from his waist to accelerate when runnng. What should we do?
My wrist hurts when I play the game but sometimes it hurts on and off. And its only when I play call of duty, should I take a break from COD or all?
Need on advice on how I can hide an injured ankle from my soccer coach/parents/everybody?
Negativr effects of masterbation on a 17 years old basketball player?
Nose bleeding when doing jiu jitsu, help!?
On golf course how do I find lightning protection?
Pediatrician said young males with knock knees play better basketball like mj. True?
Physically fit, but now I have stopped playing sport altogether and my ankles have begun to crack a lot, why is this?
Playing a video game when I suddenly felt very dizzy and sick I didn't enjoy my dinner at all, I sat right by a big tv screen could this be motion sickness?
Playing golf for first time when retire--smart or dumb if bad right shoulder?
Playing senior womens soccer team and they are like 20 and I'm only 14. I'm scared of the ball hitting my head and killing me. Can it happen?
Read an article connecting soccer to ALS. I played in college had one concussion, I sat out the required time to heal. Am I at a higher risk? Worried.
Recently got mild-moderate golfer's elbow and am concerned I may miss the rest of golf season. If I wear a sleeve, will I still be able to play?
Should I worry about CTE? I played football 5th-10th grade, linebacker. Never played varsity and only sustained 1 very mild concussion. I am worried.
Should i be worried about blowing out my acl? I hurt my knee twice in volleyball. My coach told me i was at higher risk for blowing my ACL out
Should someone with pneumonia play baseball, really wants to play in a tournament, and hasn't complained about feeling bad at all?
So I hyper extended my knee last saturday and I really want to play this saturday do you think ill be able to?
So me and my friend been playing basketball and he asaid every time he sweats in between his legs next to his testicles it burns. What is that?
So soccer headgear doesn't prevent concussions but is it still a good thing to wear? Like it still protects the head and brain some what? Smart idea?
So today I did not play soccer game, the warm up run made my head hurt. So I sat out the game. Debating whether to go training tomorrow or not?
Sometimes i lose my voice after soccer practice or once i game? But I don't know why and how. Thanks a lot for helping me
Son was hit in face while playing a musical instrument, no longer has the lip control he had before for playing instrument. Will this heal on it's own?
Struck down by lightening while playing outside - how many people a year?
This is embarrassing I play basketball, sometimes when im finished with a game I noticed I pooped myself but I don't know during the game. What's wrong?
Thoughts? Could playing soccer help reduce my risk of a stroke?
Was at baseball game w kids all day and my 4 yr old now had a fever of 102.9 and tummy hurts is he dehydrated?
Was born with tga&i now play competitive vball. Dad doesn't want me playing. Says its too much for my heart to handle. Card. Says it's ok. Is it, rlly?
Went to gym on campus, saw so many thin 50+ people I know playing ball with students at noon. How can they do that?
What are the best ways to play with my 1-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 10-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 11-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 12-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 2-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 3-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 4-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 5-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 6-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 7-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 8-month-old?
What are the best ways to play with my 9-month-old?
What are the most rabid football fans those without much else going for them in life?
What are the risks for playing tennis when pregnant?
What can I do for to breath better during a soccer match in winter?
What can I do if my brother got a severe concussion playing rugby, what can I do to make sure he's recovering?
What can I do to avoid getting a headache when attending a football game?
What can I do to get fit enough to play football?
What can I do to improve my asthma? I play soccer so we do a lot of running and i need to keep up and medicine isnt working for me that much
What caused me to develop asthma at an early age? This stopped me from playing sports as a kid. I could play, but my asthma slowed me down a lot.
What caused my heart to flutter when I was playing football?
What could be wrong with a soccer player who kicks all the time but can only bring his popliteal angle to 150?
What could happen if a baseball skims your eyeball?
What do you suggest if i was playing soccer in the backyard, i felt faint but was playing extremely well, then i fainted?
What do you suggest if i'm always depressed except when playing soccer?
What do you think of a 30yo career woman who likes to play ice hockey?
What does a 60 yo old player need to get it up and keep it up?
What happens if someones son or daughter is a star athlete who has a traumatic brain injury while playing for the college?
What is a finger jam? Like people get in sports like basketball?
What is my problem I cannot catch a cricket ball or even I cannot play any outdoor games, I can't dance my body never coordinates with mind, if want to say left i'll say right what is this problem please help me.?
What is the deal with using smelling salts during soccer games?
What to do if I get tired so fast when I play football (soccer)?
What to do if I had my appendix removed last saturday. The doc told me that I should rest. But how long should irest before I can start playing football again?
What to do if I have a cold and have a singing performance, saturday?
What to do if i'm always depressed except when playing soccer?
What would be a reason for a 7 yr. Old girl to get stomach cramps when running or playing soccer?
What would be a reason for a toddler rolling eyes upwards or to the side when playing? He's mostly smiling when he's doing so i think it's play.
What would cause developing tennis elbow quite suddenly (not a tennis player). Would you know of any home remedies that may help? Thank you :)
When I was 11 I broke my arm while throwing a ball. I am now 47 and still cannot throw a football or baseball as far as I could as a kid. Why?
When can I play rugby again after a concussion I got it on april 24 last time I had a headache was may 1 I have done every thin in practice butcontact?
When I run to first base while playing softball, my quadriceps sieze up and become tight. Happened the last two sundays. How can I prevent this?
When my four month old plays she enjoys being vigorously bounced. How much head movement is safe at this age?
Whenever I play my psp my eyes hurt. Why?
Where do I get a professional face mask for a slightly broken nose that doesn't have to be reset?I have to play a college bball playoff game 2?
While playing a sport on a soil pitch I dived and my finger got abraised. But kept playing. My question is after one week I got a tetnus shot. Wh?
Who are preschoolers likely to play with?
Why after every time I play basketball I get bad migraines?
Why do I get a very runny nose after intense cardio (ex. Soccer game) that lasts for a couple hours?
Why do I have bad piles and have continuous problems with them, but never had bleeding? Football player who needs to lift. I know about fiberdiet, etc
Why do I keep getting charlie horses? I've gotyen 4 in the past two wreks.
Why would 2 y.O roll eyes around while playing sometimes.He's always grinning &playing w/ me like he's being  goofy. Should i be concerned ?
Will a hole in my baby's heart prevent him from playing sports when he grows up?
Will playing volleyball make my arms get bigger?
Y do grown women play games on facebook? Do they think they r cool?
i get my wisdom tooth pulled out tomorrow and I play football so I would like to know when can go back to football and start practicing ?
After having neck surgery can I ever play football again I injured it playing football
Are there any guidelines for veteran soccer players?
Can I play football with pneumonia?
Can I play rugby again after a nose job/operation?
Can I play rugby with my new braces?
Can I play soccer if I have mono?
Can I still play soccer with braces?
Can anyone tell me what can I do to help my high arches while playing soccer?
Can children with a shunt play a physical sport such as football?
Can I play basket ball even if I have scoliosis?
Can I play basketball after I take lisinopril?
Can I play football how ever I have bodybuilding game every night for lose my wight, I heard from my friends that you can't play football with that.
Can i play golf with bursitis?
Can i play rugby after a concussion 2 weeks ago or is it too soon?
Can I play soccer a week after injuring my groin?
Can i play sports if i think I have a hernia?
Can I play sports with a hernia?
Can one play sports and excercise with an eye stye?
Can playing basketball increase your height?
Can playing field hockey cause a miscarriage?
Can playing football effect my kyphosis?
Can playing soccer help reduce risk of stroke?
Can someone play football with wpw?
Can wear my contacts for playing volleyball?
Can you play tackle football with myositis ossificans?
Can you tell me if i could play cricket and do gym and all do my normal activities with haital hernia?
Can you tell me if there is something to irritate them. I am an athlete who wrestles and plays baseball, could it have anything to do with that?
Can you tell me what number of calories burned playing basketball (horse?
Could it be bad to do play football or do any other sports after eating?
Could you continue playing baseball after having brain surgery?
Do you think I should let my asthmatic daughter play lacrosse?
Do you think is best to steer a child toward football or soccer?
Every time I play a sports game such as basketball, I get this nasty cough after I stop playing. Why is that?
Hi, i play football and i was wondering if there was some techniques to calm me down?
How big is the tendon risk of levofloxacin. I play racquetball 5 days a week?
How can I help my son with dyspraxia play sports with his friends?
How can I reduce sweating when I play basketball?
How can I stay in shape while I'm injured and can't play sports?
How can beginning golf and tennis players can avoid common injuries?
How can you avoid common injuries when playing hockey?
How do I deal with stress when playing sports?
How does playing basketball affect your health?
How does playing soccer impact your health?
How long after a concussion can you play sports?
How many pounds will I lose by playing badminton 4 times a day every day for a month?
How much weight would I loose if I played football?
How soccer help your health?
Is it good to play sport at night instead of day time like football?
Is it necessary to wear a jockstrap while playing football / rugby?
Is it ok for me to play basketball if pregnant?
Is it ok to continue to play football if I have light asthma?
Is it ok to play basketball, do athletics, etc.?
Is it ok to play football with a loose tooth?
Is it ok to play football with osteochondroma?
Is it okay that I play sports if I have asthma?
Is it okay to play paintball while pregnant?
Is it possible for me to play football with a shin hernia?
Is it safe for me to keep playing hockey after three concussions?
Is it safe to play football with just my socks on?
Is it safe to play football with spondylolysis?
Is it safe to play tennis in running shoes?
Is okay to still play basketball while I'm pregnant?
Is playing basketball a good exercise?
Is playing cricket good for your health?
Is playing the play station a good way to relive anxiety?
It's while a I playing golf?
My coach said I had a concussion three days ago (day of injury) and played the next day, it's now 3 days later, do I really have one?
My son have drop foot can he play football?
Please explain what exercises would be best for soccer players?
Should I play on a soccer team while im pregnant?
Should I refrain from playing badminton when I have a fever?
Should you play sports with a bruised nose?
What are common risks or hazards of playing roller hockey?
What are effects of playing flute for years?
What are physical benefits of playing golf?
What are risks of playing street hockey?
What are some good cool down exercise that i can do after my soccer game?
What are some good stretches I should do before playing golf?
What are the benefits of playing outdoors?
What are the benefits of wearing a mouthguard while mountain biking/snow skiing?
What are the health and physical benefits of playing softball?
What are the health benefits of playing indoor volleyball?
What are the health benefits of playing kickball?
What are the health benefits of the sport lacrosse?
What is good to eat before a football practice/game?
What is the best way to play with my 7 week old?
What is the way to play guitar with hypermobility?
What sports us safe for me to play? I was told no contact sports but can't think of any.
What to do if I have 'yips syndrome' and I'm a baseball pitcher?
What to do if I have some nfl and college football questions?
What type of exercises should I be doing as a soccer player?
What your favorite team football ?
What's a good diet for my 12 year old son who plays football?
What's the best nike prescription sunglasses for playing tennis and runnning?
What's the best play equipment for our backyard?
When i   can play football after bipass surgery?
Which product is best to have for more energy in a basketball game?
Why might someone faint when playing sport?
Will a doctor allow you to play sports if you have a varicocele?
Will autistics play on trampolines?
Will playing the wii sports game actually give you exercise? Please help me docs!
Will soccer players ever wear helmets?
Would playing cricket help improve my hand-eye coordination?
After getting kicked playing soccer my daughters ankle is very swollen and she has a very limited range of motion. Help!
After playing basketball my upper arm hurts when I am cooling down?
After playing basketball my upper arm hurts?
Basketball son has pain on outside of left knee. Triggers seem to be jumping and twisting. Pain decreases once warmed up in game. He's 15. Ideas?
Been dealing for 4 months with what I am pretty sure is just a bruised heel (sports injury). Anything else it could be? What kind of dr. Might i see?
Burning in my knees after playing around of golf not the 1st time it has happend after exercise?
Calcified tendonitis of the shoulder. Does playing golf make it worse?
Calfs hurt during, and after playing basketball 1hr 30- 2hr. 5 days a week. What can help this? And what is it from?
Calves hurt after playing basketball, should I be concerned?
Calves hurt after playing basketball, what to do?
Can I get a repetitive motion injury from playing tennis for a few days for a little over an hour?
Can I play baseball if I hurt my hamstring yesterday?
Can I use crutches for osgood schlatters disease. I play basketball and it hurts when I play. And I am in swimming &it hurts when I kick on kickboar?
Can you tell me how I could get relief from knee pain so I can keep playing sports?
Collided shins with friend while playing football. There's no bruise at all but I can't feel anything from the top to the bottom of my shin.
During a kung fu competition, i hurted my foot. I kicked my enemy' s head. What can I do?
Fell off a 3 story roof, hit on one foot. Never rehabilitated because sports (3weeks in cast). Hurts 2 years later (dull pain). Could go pro in sports?
Hallo, I have fallen down while I was skiing on my left shoulder. After that I couldn ´t play tennis especialy hit the ball overhead (service, smash)?
Have had osgood schlatters since 5th grade. I play vball and when I jump and land or do box jumps it hurts ALOT! When I tap my bump from osd it hurts.?
Haven't played sports in 7 yrs, played rugby yesterday and have extreme pain under both my knee caps, what could of caused this?
Hello frnds. I play badminton, one year I am having pain in left knee, I don't feel pain while playing but while coming down stairs. Cartildge fissure.
Hello, since I started playing cricket, I have pain in both colar bones. Please tell me how to reduce pain. In cricket game I'm a bowler.
Hello, was playing paddleball when I developed a cramp in my right calf. How and what should I do?
Help! College basketball player, and I've always been playing. I have bad tendonitis in my knees, what are some things I can do so they won't hurt?
Hey doc...I have a problem with my knees and leg muscles, it happens every time after my football (soccer)matches and it's really annoyingwhatshouldido?
Hi I am having shoulder pains which are really affecting my sport perfomance I can bowl a ball in cricket but cannot throw what can I do?
Hi I have a pain my Achilles when I run, I am playing a match tomorrow football. Need a pain killer that will help me play near 100% over counter?
Hi dr. I was playing basketball with my team and I slipped and fell now I have a floor burn what could help??
Hi,  I was playing at a tennis tournament yesterday. I served a ball and I suddenly got pain between my breasts, it feels like muscle stretch.
Hi, im 22 atheltic I had a meniscus surgery about 3 months ago, I was feeling fine and playing soccer after 2 months, but last week my knee feels weak?
How can you heal a quad strain fast? should i play in my game today if i have a quad strain
How come I get elbow pain when playing baseball?
How come my knee hurt every time I run or play soccer?
How do I prevent elbow pain from throwing baseball?
How do I prevent my elbow pain in throwing baseball?
How do I relieve the pain in my groin area after playing football?
How do I tell if I have a grade 1, 2, 3 strained hamstring? It popped during hockey today I have a game saturday and and a workout thursday
How do I treat a strained or pulled hamstring, could i play hockey on saturday? Im a goaltender
How do you get rid of achilles' tendon pain? I play football and it hurts after every game and end up having to sit out some weeks.
How do you hurt your acl it for project ?
I am a football player ,i have a groin pain in my right thigh it has persisted for 8 months now ! i've tried resting ,strengthning but in vain!
I am not able stand longer time. I recently started playing cricket. I am playing cricket once in the week. I am feeling more pain in heel and ankle.
I dislocated my shoulder before playing rugby & its being hurting real lots.I can't really move it hardly, what's wrong?
I dislocated my toe yesterday and I have rugby training in a couple days, can I still train?
I feel extreme pain in my tybia after running or playing football....What could this be and how to treat it?
I got poked in the eye while playing hockey, what can I do for the pain?
I had ACL surgery back in march and was playing football and landed wrong and felt I pop in my knee it is swelling and it hurts. Did I retear it?
"I had a normal appendectomy about 2 weeks ago. The incision is about 3"" long. When can I be back playing sports like badminton and basketball?"
I had a soccer game earlier and I got kicked in the knee in the same spot 3 times on the top part of my knee and now my knee really hurts?
I had an injury 2 years ago in my ankle when it got twisted. I can't play like before. After some time, while playing, ifeel pain during the game. What should I do?
I have a bone contusion on my wrist, and it hurts a lot when I swing a bat but not so much when I throw a ball. Should I take time off from baseball?
I have a deep muscle pain in my leg just above the knee that hasn't gone away for over a year. I play tennis actively. What could it be?
I have a lump IN my skin right over my wrist. I play competitive softball, and hurt myself a lot.It doesn't really hurt bad, what should I do?
I have a neck spasm because I play too much games?
I have a pain only when i play baseball on the inside of my elbow. If i lift or do other activties with my right are its fine. What could it be?
I have an injury to my heel playing football. 2 weeks have passed and pain and still not able to run. What could it be?
I have hip bone pain from playing tackle football, I have had it for about 2 days.What to do?
I have knee pain caused by tennis playing, how to deal with it?
I have osgood schatters. I also play vball. My knee has really been hurting me. What could I do to help with pain besides stop playing vball? Brace/tape
I have osgood schlatters and it really is bothering me.  I play basketball and it hurts really bad when i run.  Can I use crutches?
I have pain in between my genitals and inner right thigh when I play sports (soccer) then the next morning the pain is complete gone and I feel normal?
I have pain in my back from 2 months and I got this injury by playing football. I have consulted to doctors two times but it again starts so pls tell?
I have pain on the instep of my right ankle, happened when someone slide tackled me in soccer...
I have pulled a muscle in my thigh when I was playing football how can I get rid of the pain?
I have recently started playing sport again after 7 years football (soccer). I have serious leg pain in my calfs and knees while running. What do I do?
I injured my calve playing soccer about 4 months ago, doctor said it was a hematoma, the bump is gone but after running I still feel pain. Why is this?
I injured my knee last weekend playing soccer and now it is bruised and sore to bend i have a game today should i play or sit out what should i do?
I injured my knee playing basketball six weeks ago and it still hurts. It gives out occasionally and feels stiff. What's wrong?
I injuried my lcl while playing rugby and soccerband now its geeting worst and my knee started to have this sharp pain. Its serious?
I jammed my finger on a basketball and aggrivated it with other physical games. Its still swollen and I can't move it without wanting to cry. Whatd I do?
I kicked my big toe off another player, playing sport a couple of months ago. I have no bruising or swelling just pain. It's grand training, sore after?
I know my ankle is not sprained but i play soccer and it feels really weak.. I don't remember hurting my self. What can I do ?
I like playing ping pong but my knees are always sore after playing, is there anything I can do about it?
I like playing the piano but I have hypermobility in my wrists & after playing they hurt. Dr told me to strengthen my muscles, should i stop playing?
I play a lot of sports, one being rugby I had a hard hit to the bottom of my leg near my ankle a year ago. There is a bump & numness what is it?
I play a lot of video games and I have a pain in the knuckle of my thumb. It's like a throbbing feeling. What could this be?
I play baseball (Pitcher) and football (QB) so i have been throwing a lot. When i throw i get a weird feeling in my elbow. But no pain. ??
I play soccer and my calves and shins hurt, what are some ways I can get rid of the pain?
I play softball and my left shoulder has been hurting for about a week now. It's not my throwing arm. It's hurts when I reach or twist around. ?
I play varsity ice hockey and suffered a trauma to the hip and coccyx half a year ago. I am still in pain but have been playing. What would help?
I play vball.my shoulder has been hurting when I hit&serve and it was really sore after last practice.3 days later it hurt really bad.practice 2nite?
I play volleyball and am experiencing knee pain? What is the next step?
I play volleyball. I dove on my wrist and it hurts. This past summer at vball camp a ball hit my wrist while passing&everytime it hits my wrist it hurts?
I played an intense game of soccer yesterday, and now the back of my thigh (behind the knee) hurts when I stretch, walk or try to run ?
I played basketball my knee felt really tight in the back I have complete motion of it but it still hurts when I bend it it buckles on me whatswrong?
I played football and when I hit the ball I got pain in the upper thigh almost at the hip, any suggestions?
I played soccer a few months ago and injured my knee. What causes me to feel pain when I walk that comes then goes away?
I played soccer yesterday and now my knee is swollen and sore. I did not injury it. Could I have fluid in my knee?
I played tennis about a month ago and ever since, my knees has been hurting every time I bend/ straighten it. What should I do? I am 17 years old
I rolled my ankle playing tennis. Continued to play although was careful. Swelled overnight. Rice until no swelling or pain and then play again?
I sprained my ankle over 3 months ago in rugby i'm playing again it is still swollen bruised i can run but it i turn it wrong it hurt is it ok to play?
I think I have sciatic nerve pain, it might have been brought on by a kick of the football. Is this a common footballers injury?
I think i hurt Lateral Malleous. X rays were negitive. I can walk fine. Twisting hurts. But its very sore to the touch. When can I play volleyball?
I thought I pulled my groin last spring playing softball but it has been lingering and end up in a lot of pain after playing golf of all things.
I thoughtihad really bad shin splints so i didn't play any soccer for a week and it still hurts2 walk could it be a sfx? The pain is right on the bone
I tore cartilage in my left knee playing basketball 4 years ago. Went to physical therapy and I'm back in sports. My knee gives out on random days tho?
I tore my ACL about 20 years ago and occasionally it pops and hurts when i play tennis or baseball. What are ways to alleviate these symptoms?
I was playing soccer and a girl kicked the outside part of my left knee really hard and I can barely walk now. Did I tear something?
I was playing soccer and had a collision where a player and I ran for the ball and kicked it my ankle has hurt since then right foot inner ankle?
I was playing soccer and someone kicked my shin very very hard. There is a dent in the cartilage in my shin. Will it go away?
If i hurt my tailbone by olaying football (a player hit me in the tailbone with his helmate ) should I play in a football game tomorrow it hurts tojog?
Is being kicked in the groin really the worst pain in sports?
Is it a bad idea to play golf with broken ribs? Could it make it worse?
Is it bad for my knees to play soccer on a hard surface like concrete?
Is it common to have back and breathing pains after playing racquetball?
Is it ok to play ball with basketball with a back problem?
Lateral hit to the left knee playing hockey, a grinding cracking sound, & felt some pain, now swelling. Previous ACL reconstruction. What could it be?
May son injured his thumb playing football 2 weeks ago and he still has a great deal of pain from it. Should we get it xrayed?
Monday i had a soccer game. And my soccer shoe fell off when i was kicking the ball. After the game my ankle start to hurt and it still is it is pain?
My 11 year old daughter has strained her neck when she was playing. I need advice on how best to deal with this problem.
My 13 year brother has pain in his heel whenever he runs during playing football.What could be the cause and treatment for this?
My 7 year old boy has pain around his groin area he was playing baseball and felt discomfort after his game. What can it be pulled groin?
My akle got twisted while playing football few months before. How to make my ankle muscles strong??
My leg is hurting and swelling it was kicked very hard playing football?
My leg muscle hurts when I play football why?
My son landing awkwardly when he was playing basketball and now the top of his foot hurts.
My son's heels hurt after playing football. What could I do to prevent this?
Played hockey. Increased lower back pain during game. Following day cannot bend over. Suggestions other than rest and stretching?
Played tennis and in outfield. What caused my elbow pain and how do I fix it?
Please advise if it's okay to play baseball with minor bruised ribs after several days of rest?
Severe pain from rugby injury. In breast. Help. I like to play with the guys?
Was playing bball 3days ago.I was jumping&a friend kicked my knee so my patella moved out of its place it hurts.What should I do im 16?Best kneebrace?
What do you suggest if I injured my knee playing rugby and now it hurts to walk?
What do you suggest if i injured my leg today playing football.?
What do you suggest if i injured the side of heel when it got hit by a hockey ball?
What do you think is wrong with my knee? A little over two months ago, I fell really hard on my knee playing basketball. It swelled a little, but never bruised. It still swells sometimes when I run on it and hurts when working out and playing basketball.
What if I strained my hamstring but I can still walk? Something definitely popped in my hamstring but I can still walk im a hockey player
What should I do about pain in my elbow after batting practice (baseball)?
What to do if I have a soccer game tomorrow and my arm muscles are sore.?
Whats the best way to avoid muscle injury when playing soccer?
Whilst playing football a ball was kicked at my foot which twisted it and now the top/front of my ankle is very sore. What is likely to be the problem?
Why I have pain at the side of my leg when I play football or run?
Why after playing cricket do I feel heaviness & pain?
Why am I aching so much from one game of basketball with friends yesterday? We are 50+.
Why can't I bend my knee? I had a rugby injury a week ago and untill now I still can't fully bend my right knee. Can I still play rugby after this
Why could someone's heel hurt after playing soccer?
Why do I have right wrist pain when I swing a golf club?
Why do I keep pulling my calf muscle when playing soccer?
Why do my legs hurt everytime I play soccer from my above my ankle to below my kneecap?
Why does my MCL still hurt a lot when kicking a ball 4 months after surgery?
Why would I only get pain on my outside of my ankles after hockey?
Will gynecomastia cause my chest to hurt when playing basketball?
Will playing volleyball make my arms get bigger and more muscle?
Would you say it is smart to play on a hurt ankle?
14 year old girl playing competitive soccer with 20 year olds. Chances of concussion? Had one last year. What about serious brain injury?
14 year old playing in senior women's soccer against women in their 20's, best way to protect head from injury? Headgear? What kind?
"14y/o son has had ""heel pain"" for about a yr. He plays sports at school. Does this warrant a trip to the dr? Mainly occurs during sport activity..."
Are athletes with thin ribs more likely to get injured in contact sports?
Are female athletes more prone to sports injuries?
Assume female atheletes more prone to sports injuries but not at olympics?
Can I still play sports ie. Football, with bad ringworm? (Microsporum canis)
Can I play lacrosse thru some pain with an ankle brace with a mild grade 1 sprain? Will this have any potential risks
Can i play sports sports with high blood preasure football
Can I return to volleyball after suffering a spontaneous pneumothorax? My pneumothorax happened during sleep, so sport is not a major cause?
Can you suggest some good reads on anatomy and sports injuries for people with zero-orthopedic knowledge?
Can you tell me docs, is getting clear braces & playing a sport riskier than getting metal braces & playing a sport?
Can you tell me how to get myself to play hockey after a brain surgery?
Can you tell me if i could play football with back problems?
Can you tell me is there a relation between obesity & ACL injury?
Can you tell me where i can get a specialised (or sports based) hypermobility knee brace?
Hello  thank you for this service my question is can I practice sports like football and running after performing a 48 degree kyphosis curve surgery?
I play football for several years but I have spina bifida occulta and the last year I feel fatigue in the spine. It is my dream to become fotbal player?
I play water polo & I have shoulder subluxation, my doc said therapy should help return 2 normal activity, polo isnt normal activity, howcan iplayagain?
Is it possible to sprain/strain ur wrist if you haven't participated in any type of physical activity that cause sprains/strains?
Is it safe to do physical contact sports after a septorhinoplasty?
My son has a green stick fracture of the radius? How long until he is able to play sports again? He is 8 yrs old.
Please help docs! is masturbating bad before a sport activity ?
Post concussion syndrome for 14 months cleared for activity not contact when can I be cleared for contact I'm 17 and figure skate and play rugby.
Post concussion syndrome for 7 months on Ned's for headaches will I be allowed to start non contact rugby training in 2 weeks, can I figure skate too?
Rehab for slipped capital fermoral epiphysis, on crutches 7 weeks just want to know next stage of rehab and when i can do any sport like run, football?
There is a lot of physical contact during tango/salsa. Is there more likelihood of an injury when doing the tango/salsa?
What are main chronic injuries in basketball players?
What are some problems that can occur in the ankle area after I play soccer with shin guards?
What are some sports-related injuries that would put someone out for a whole season?
What are the health risks of playing tennis? How can you avoid injury?
What are the risks of doing combat sports?
What are the risks of knee injury connected to sport climbing?
What are the risks of multiple concussions in teenaged girls from rugby?
What is the best type of sports to do to have a good health?
What is the definition or description of: sports physicals?
What is the likelihood of being able to lift weights and play competitive sports after a first rib resection for thoracic syndrome?
What is the state of the art rehab for broken tibial plateu (repaired surgically) to ensure maximum ability to participate in sports?
What is the treatment for concussion from football?
What sports should I avoid playing if I recently had a kidney transplant?
What would be the thing to do if a child has sudden cardiac arrest while playing a sport on the field?
Acl tear information girls soccer u14?
Can a young man with a torn ACL still play basketball if he wears knee brace?
Can i be an athlete(basketball player) after osteotomy surgery for bow legs? Is there any sample?
Can I ever play sports with a totally torn acl?
Can i golf with an MCL strain?
Can I play basketball with a torn ACL if I wear a knee brace?
Can I play football on a minorly sprained ankle?
Can i play football with a torn meniscus using a knee brace?
Can i play hockey on a torn acl?
Can I play soccer again as I am having grade 2 meniscus tear?
Can you play basketball with a torn acl?
Can you play basketball without an ACL or is it impossible?
Can you play basketball without any acls in your knees?
Can you play football with a  torn ACL if you use a brace and are careful?
I am a soccer player. How can I prevent Achilles tendinitis?
I did ACL surgery 4yrs ago, I did a second one 8 month ago and I've knee roughness. Can I still play football or it can cause to me futur problems?
I did MRI I have subchondral edematous can I play soccer?
I have jumpers knee, will playing basketball help to strengthen my knee, so I will have no pain or just damage my knee further? Surgery?
I have knee arthritus can I still play sports.Should i wear knee protection?
I have knee joint pain at 65. Is it because I played competitive sports at such a young age?
"I've got a completely torn ACL. I'm 16 and 5""9. I want to play football. But 3 docs said that I can't play even after surgery. Can you help me doc?"
I've torn my ACL but still play football every now and then. Recently I twisted my knee while running & cutting & suffered same symptoms as first time?
If I have an ACL tear, will I ever be able to play competitive football again?
If I hurt my rotators cuff will I ever be able to play volleyball or tennis again?
If a player suffers from sudden locking of a knee while colliding with another player which ligament would be involved in that knee to cause locking?
If someone has a knee reconstruction is it possible for them to play sports that they did before?
If you have a completely tore acl , would you be able to run and play basketball on it ?
Should I wear an ankle brace if it hurts when I play basketball?
What happens if i play soccer again as I am having grade 2 meniscus tear ?
What's the worst that can happen if you play football with a torn acl?
Whats worse for a basketball player torn ligaments in knee or foot/ankle?
When can I play sports again on a sprained ankle?
Anyone help me with my sports injury. Fell off bike and broke wrist and still hurts after a year?
Are long fingers good to have for playing piano?
Broke wrist cast off play football?
Can I play soccer with a wrist brace on?
Got a mallet finger. How long will i be out of playing baseball?
Hello, for the last couple of months my fibula bone has been aching after a basketball practice or game. I have never broken it. Any advice, please?
How do I fix tennis elbow when I have to continue playing almost every day?
How does one break their arm playing volleyball?
How long after dislocating my pinky will i be able to play basketball again?
How long is a tailbone injury going to keep me out of playing football or soccer?
How long should baseball player not throw with elbow bursitis?
How long till i can play soccer or rugby after an ankle sprain. Sprained my ankle 7 weeks ago physio told me today i'm not allowed to play how long?
How long to I have to wait to play basketball if I have a sprained ankle?
How long will my fingers hurt when I play guitar?
I dislocated my pinkie while playing basketball. Pinkie was and how do I take care of it, what to do?
What to do if I broke my finger playing softball how long will it take to heal?
What to do if I dislocated my pinkie while playing basketball. Pinkie was and how do I take care of it?
Can video games cause eye irritation?
If a child grows up playing violent video games, would that effect their state of mind in the future?
Iplay a lot of video games.When I look to the sides/corners of my eye.My eye hurts. I am nearsighted.any way to cure this & play video games normally?
Is gardening a good hobby for kids?
Is it healthy to be distracted while I take a BM? (such as playing a game on the phone)
55, male, quitting hockey. Is tennis a good choice for fitness?
Any advice on the best sports nutrition books?
Are all men huge sports fans? I feel the need to learn all the stats to football and basketball college and pro just to fit in with the other guys.
I love my sports team and I really want to do well but I'm really burnt out. any advice?
I play 2 sports on most days I do both. Volleyball and tennis however I cannot lose weight. I don't over eat and I very rarely eat junk food. 5'10 168
I'm curious what occurs if i don't eat for two days but still participate in my sports games both days?
I.M a coach in fitness &martial arts but i feel pain in my muscul and joints &i don.T take any kind of supplements.What can I do.
If I didn't know that I am pregnant and I did tough sports as zumba will I have a muscarriage?
If I had atrial fibrillation, would I have been able to vigorously play sports and workout all of my life?
If I play handball for an hour a day, every other day, will that help me control my weight?
If my height is 170 what should be my weight while i'm a girl and playing sports?
"Im a boxer. So i spar, lift, run, and do all kinds of workouts. So i might be an ""extreme athlete"" or whatever. Should i eat more than average people?"
Is it harmful to stretch before a sport activity?
Is it normal for female athletes to bleed after sport practice?
Is it ok if somebody with bppv exercise(ie basketball)?
Is it okay to workout and train while on 4 weeks of ciprofloxacin? I will be playing competitive sports very soon. Read nothing but negative things.
Is it recommended for girls to always wear a sports bra when doing combat sports?
My 8 year old son plays football - what should he eat after practice to stay healthy?
My dad says I'm overweight. I run track, play basketball, soccer, flag football and I workout. I'm 5'4 1/2 and I weigh 130. am I truly overweight??
My height is a175 and don't play any sport, i'm 48 years old what should be my weight?
Need to know benefits of running extensively?
Should I partake in my kung fu courses if I have mono? (No sparring or wrestling during classes)
So I'm a 16 year old girl and I'm going to be trying out to be a football kicker at my school any good diets?
What are some tips you can give me for weightlifting and football?
What are some ways to build up stamina for playing sports?
What are the most important foods for players in the gym ?
Might it be possible that a dental crown fall off while riding a roller coaster?
Should you ride a bike with osteopenia?
Which is safer == surfboarding or jet skiing?
Who should not ride a roller coaster for medical reasons?
Why do I have to wear a helmet when I ride my bike, even on the country roads?
Why do my feet fall asleep when i ride a stationary bike?
Why do people ride motorcycles without helmets? Just to look cool?
Why does my chest hurt during a drop on a roller coaster?
Can i go to a baseball game after surgery for endometriosis? Can i go to a baseball game after surgery for endometriosis?  I just scheduled an appointment to have laparoscopic surgery on a friday.  I forgot that I have tickets to a baseball game the same
Can i play hockey with a diverticulitis flare-up, no fever?
Can intense athletes have bad eye sight?  If so do they use lenses?   - such as soccer, football, rugby, fighting and more.
Can mastutbation or having sex cause early fatigue when playing sports?
Can my 4 yr old play outside with croup?
Can you tell me how I could prevent my 8 year old daughter from doing things like playing tag, running, etc?
Can't dance.Steps r nt clear.Can't play any sports as I can't determine from what direction the ball is coming.Nevr had problems with reading/ writing?
Child broke her arm in 1st grade, then again in 3rd grade. Now in the 8th grade and it's been over 3 years. Is it safe to try gymnastics or anything?
Coach said my daughter has tendinitis in her right knee supposed to run 5K in the morning. And soccer game on Sunday. Can she participate. 15yrs.
Competitive dancer. How can I work around my period? Cant be on it for competition. No way. Cant dance as well, not alright. What can I do
Concussion 10 weeks ago. Read that after 1 concussion its easier to get 2nd. Was dancing little at a wedding monday. Have anxiety. Could dancing cause2nd?
Could you tell me if all of the actors that played the doctor are still alive, or have any of them passed away?
Crazy coach pushed some players into having heat illness. What are symptoms?
Got MRI Thursday & results Friday and doc told me I completely tore my acl. But I played a game of basketball with no problems. Is this true?
Got a concussion 5 weeks ago I get headaches every day are they liked and what should I do I can't stop sports I have a big snowboard race comming up.
Grade 2 hamstring strain? Fast healing tips, im a hockey player, and wanna recover pretty quickly
Had tachycardia (120BPM) after playing two round of golf and a few beers on a hot day. What are appropriate next steps if any?
Having Triple by pass, What the best place arms/legs should the surgeon use arteries from? Play golf once a week /Am a professional soccer coach 4hrs
Havnt done aerobic exercise for a while (apart from cleaning a bakery twice a week) but on Monday gonna play 2 games of soccer, is that dangerous?
Hi IV got a brusied toenail do I need to stop playin football am from the uk?
How can I get in shape for tennis season?
How long should a 17 years old male wait for to play basketball after masterbation?
How long should kids play outside every day?
How long till I can play rugby u got a concussion 7 weeks ago still have bad headache feel dizzy I wanna play asap I'm not doing running how long wait?
How long to comeback in your normal activities like playing softball and jiu jitsu from lumbar microdesectomy of L5 s1?
How much intensity of exercise is too much when pregnant? When should I have to quit playing ice hockey? (oh and I am not the goalie)
I am a male 38 years, I play active football during my early age and now I do play to keep fit but I am having pains on my kneels & ankles?
I am a professional trumpet player and play very high notes (lots of pressure), having surgery monday for det. Retina, when can I start playing again?
I am having mascul. Cramps after playing hour of tennis match, I sweat. A lot please let me know the doing?
I am playing 2 games soccer on Monday, I havnt done that much exercise for a long while. No time to visit doctor before hand. Will I be okay?
I am sweating during sleep. It seems I just finished playing football but the breathing is normal. Is it normal or is there something wrong with me?
I broke my nose 10 days ago. So do you think that I would be OK for me to play basketball game tonight while wearing a protective noseguard mask?
I broke my nose last week, i'm due in to have closed reduction. How long until i can play contact sports again?
I came down hard on the heel of my foot while playing basketball. I couldn't play rest of game now It's been 2 months & still can't put full weight.?
I can't breathe when its hot during football practice. What should I do?
I had a small stomach virus yesterday, do you think I can play in my basketball game today?
I had a torn iris playing hockey this winter , it's really bothering me , is there anybody to see ? Can anything be done to help me ? Thanks
I had appendix surgery 2 wks ago and want to start running (playing soccer) but fewdays ago my larger incision bleed alittle is it still safe to play?
I had mono, and the doctor said she could feel the tip of my spleen it's been two weeks. Do you think I can play contact football again w/o worrying?
I have Bronchitis and play softball at the high school level. Should I practice or not?
I have a 16 year old male friend who got a concussion a few weeks ago. Yesterday he had a seizure while playing a video game. What might this mean?
I have a concussion for 11 days now, been dr. Again, aint better, was told i can play soccer again but i still have symptoms. What to do ?
I have acute sinusitis, is it safe if i'm in the cold playing ice hockey?
I need advice on what's the easiest part of your leg to break when playing basketball and how to protect it?
I recently had l3-s1 fusion. Will i ever be able to play golf again?
I recently jammed my finger and I can't pop it back. I have a game tomorrow and need to be able to use it. (It's a really important game) What should?
I spun my baby around while playing with her, could this cause any damage? (She is 4 months old)
I started playing rugby I sprained my ankle and it is about 60% healed it only hurts a bit to practice but will I be able to play I play high school?
I tore my MCL in oct 2012 I play soccer year round 1st dev. My MRI isn't till sep 2013. I feel it move weird. I kept playing soccer with a donjoy. Am I hurting it more? Should I get surgery? Future?
I was playing basketball and have cramps during playing and still i continue playing using a spryer for cramps? Now still experience easily cramps?
I was playing soccer 3 days ago and about 2 minutes into the practice my knee began to keep me from running. when I got home it was swelled a lot ?
I was playing tennis on the weekend and my legs got all wobbly for a couple of games in the second set.  Had an episode of glandular fever in the past?
I was playing tennis with family and i ran to get the ball and ran straight into the chain link fence (no cuts)  should I see a doctor?
I wish i was more active in sports as a kid, but i had really bad asthma. I couldn't play hard like the other kids. Do pro athletes have asthma?
I've been smoking for 3 years and I play football and hockey. Why doesn't the smoke affect me when I run? Most games I'm never outta breath!?
I've had wrist issues for over twenty years since I was graduating high school.  Most trauma I assume comes from my tennis play.  I been about a 5.0+?
If I donate blood (apheresis) can I play a soccer game the next day?
If I donate blood can I play in a soccer game the next day?
If I got a prosthetic hand could I still play guitar, or would that be impossible?
If I get my tonsils out, how long before I can play my clarinet again?
If i play sports like football and basketball and I have asthma, will i be asthma free once I use my inhaler and go back to playing the game soon?
If im possibly pregnant about 5 weeks along when exactly should I stop playing court volleyball?
Is it bad for your health to dive into snow after a long, hard workout?
Is it bad to play soccer while I'm extremely sore?
"Is it dangerous to do a ""header"" in soccer?"
Is it good bad or neutral to go in a hot tub between games at a hockey tournament?
Is it normal for my eyes to get watery when I play a game?
Is it ok to play rugby with a concussion. I am pretty shure I got a concussion last week in rugby I have most of the simptoms is it ok to play tomorow?
Is it okay to play with your penis such as wacking?
Is it safe to go back to soccer after ACL reconstruction? What type of brace will I need? Would you recommend going back to play soccer and run track?
Is it safe to play basketball if I have a runny nose?
Is playing wii fit good exercise for my 11 ye old son?
My 13 yr old daughter upon waking from occasional naps has spasms in her arm, what could be causing this.  She plays soccer, and is the goalie.
My 14 year old kid gets a rash at the place when hit by a ball while playing basketball at the point of contact. What can b the reason and remedy pl?
My 15yr old son gets dizzy when he plays basketball. Ruled out cardiac issues.  Just found out he needs glasses for distance. Could this be cause?
My father is 48 years old & he plays badminton regularly. Today after playing he got dizziness & lied down. It is severe when he moves head What 2 do?
My friend had a huge chunk of eyelashes ripped out by accident during a basketball game. How long would it take for them to grow back normally?
My friend played  a sort of hyperventilating game with me in which I fainted for few seconds. What negative impact it has on me?What should I do now?
My friend played a hyperventilating game with me only once in which I fainted for few seconds. What negative impact it has on me? What should I do now?
My grandbaby is not allowed to play outside because he gets blisters all over his body. How can I help him and what causes that.
My nephew is playing football and has too high of a protein count. How can we lower it?
My son came home from school with a knot between his eyes  he said it just came up he is 14  and has acne  and he also plays  football  I have iced it?
What would happen to my heart if I played soccer while on cocaine?
Why is it that after every workout and during/after soccer matches or basketball games I always feel sick to my stomach?
Will 1 month of intermittent fasting have a big impact on my growth? I'm 17, I play soccer and I'm  5' 3''.
Will I be able to play soccer after an eye appointment?
How to improve your fitness to play polo?
Hypothyroid person play cricket?
I am a 31 year old male that played a lot of tennis, basketball,  and volleyball from the age of 12-22. Then at age, i worked a lot, so no time to pla?
I have a game tomorrow and my ankle is still bruised should I play or sit out? I really want to play because it is our first game of the season
I have had post concussion syndrome for 2 months want to play rugby can I what about soccer or figure skating when is it safe to play these sports?
I have myopia and play soccer help? What's the best, toughest sports glasses?
I have scoliosis; is it bad for me to play soccer every week?
I play soccer. How can I improve my stamina?
I used to have a heart condition. Is it okay for me to play football?
I want to be a surgeon , can i play boxing ?
If i’m double-jointed can I be a good baseball player?
If you play basketball what should I eat ?
Is it okay to play sports during a fever ?
Is it safe to play football with spondy?
Is it safe to play football with whiplash?
Is it safe to wear glasses when playing sports?
Should I take creatine when I play hockey?
Should a 12 year old always play with a 6 year old?
Should all kids play sports? Is no-cut policy good or unfair to top players?
Should I consider playing golf if I want to improve my coordination?
Should I play pond hockey without a hockey helmet? Does it matter whether I have boots or skates on?
Should kids that play soccer wear helmets?
Should mouthguards be required for children playing basketball?
Should you continue to play sports, but with less intensity or just stop playing completely?
Should you play soccer with a cold?
What are the most common injuries seen in football players?
What are the most common injuries when playing streetball?
What are the risks and hazards in playing outdoor tennis?
What are the risks of playing golf?
What are visible differences between children who play indoors and those who play outdoors?
What can a tennis and cricket player do to avoid injuries?
What do I have to do if I want to play basketball everyday?
What do you suggest if I am 16 and a rugby player and I weigh 11 stone?
What do you suggest if my doctor just told me I can no longer play sports?
Hello. I play football and everytime i finish playing my feet hurt but only my solear muscles from both feet.What should I do?
Help please! i'm having knee pain from baseball practice?
I have bad knee pain when I play softball still. anyone have any ideas?
I have knee pain after diving for a frisbee and hitting a pipe. What should I do?
My whole ankle aches from falling off a 3 story building. Didn't rehab it properly because of sports/pressure to play. It's been 2 years. Please help!?
Headache improved after hitting head on ground yesterday, everything else seems normal, can I play my soccer match tomorrow?
I have anterior knee pain on my right knee. Can I still go to the gym regularly and do lower body exercise? Can I still play soccer or rugby?